"Budding chefs , like "" Fred "" , "" Winston "" and "" Angela "" in the kitchen are either homeless or recently re-housed - and desperately in need of a helping hand to enable them to re-build their shattered lives ." Compassion "Budding chefs , like "" Fred "" , "" Winston "" and "" Angela "" in the kitchen are either homeless or recently re-housed - and desperately in need of a helping hand to enable them to re-build their shattered lives ." Metaphors "Budding chefs , like "" Fred "" , "" Winston "" and "" Angela "" in the kitchen are either homeless or recently re-housed - and desperately in need of a helping hand to enable them to re-build their shattered lives ." Compassion "Budding chefs , like "" Fred "" , "" Winston "" and "" Angela "" in the kitchen are either homeless or recently re-housed - and desperately in need of a helping hand to enable them to re-build their shattered lives ." Metaphors He depicts demonstrations by refugees at the border post , their catastrophic living conditions and the desperate attempt of several hundred to cross a river a few kilometres from the camp to get into Macedonia on 14 March 2016 . Compassion He depicts demonstrations by refugees at the border post , their catastrophic living conditions and the desperate attempt of several hundred to cross a river a few kilometres from the camp to get into Macedonia on 14 March 2016 . Compassion The Word of God is truth that 's living and able to penetrate human souls ( Heb. 4:12 ) . Consider how powerful Scripture is : it can change hearts , save lives from eternal condemnation , and give hope to the hopeless . Compassion Chantelle Owens , Mrs Planet 2016 , hosted the day and the ladies had the chance to share their compassion for those in need . Compassion """ People do n't understand the hurt , people do n't understand the pain . I 've read about women with their children sleeping in cars , sleeping in hotel rooms and it 's criminal . If they 're lucky and they come across COPE Galway and the ladies in Osterley , then there 's hope . """ Compassion """ People do n't understand the hurt , people do n't understand the pain . I 've read about women with their children sleeping in cars , sleeping in hotel rooms and it 's criminal . If they 're lucky and they come across COPE Galway and the ladies in Osterley , then there 's hope . """ Compassion """ People do n't understand the hurt , people do n't understand the pain . I 've read about women with their children sleeping in cars , sleeping in hotel rooms and it 's criminal . If they 're lucky and they come across COPE Galway and the ladies in Osterley , then there 's hope . """ Compassion """ People do n't understand the hurt , people do n't understand the pain . I 've read about women with their children sleeping in cars , sleeping in hotel rooms and it 's criminal . If they 're lucky and they come across COPE Galway and the ladies in Osterley , then there 's hope . """ Compassion """ People do n't understand the hurt , people do n't understand the pain . I 've read about women with their children sleeping in cars , sleeping in hotel rooms and it 's criminal . If they 're lucky and they come across COPE Galway and the ladies in Osterley , then there 's hope . """ Compassion Sheepherding in America has always been an immigrant 's job , too dirty , too cold and too lonely for anyone with options . Compassion """ These poor ladies are definitely going through some traumatic issues right now , and I am asking that they come forward so that I help them ? together with women parliamentarians - to be able to heal ." Compassion """ These poor ladies are definitely going through some traumatic issues right now , and I am asking that they come forward so that I help them ? together with women parliamentarians - to be able to heal ." Compassion If only we had more stories that championed the brilliance of migrant workers perhaps we 'd be able to challenge the silence that permits them to be treated in such a disdainful way . The_poorer_the_merrier If only we had more stories that championed the brilliance of migrant workers perhaps we 'd be able to challenge the silence that permits them to be treated in such a disdainful way . Compassion Kasun may not be a superhero or a super genius but he is a great human being who has overcome challenges and hardships of life without even having the full functional capability of his body . His courage and dedication may one day take him to high places in life but above all , for those who are feeling useless and hopeless even though they have fully functional limbs , Kasun 's story is going to be a lesson . The_poorer_the_merrier Kasun may not be a superhero or a super genius but he is a great human being who has overcome challenges and hardships of life without even having the full functional capability of his body . His courage and dedication may one day take him to high places in life but above all , for those who are feeling useless and hopeless even though they have fully functional limbs , Kasun 's story is going to be a lesson . Compassion Kasun may not be a superhero or a super genius but he is a great human being who has overcome challenges and hardships of life without even having the full functional capability of his body . His courage and dedication may one day take him to high places in life but above all , for those who are feeling useless and hopeless even though they have fully functional limbs , Kasun 's story is going to be a lesson . Compassion Kasun may not be a superhero or a super genius but he is a great human being who has overcome challenges and hardships of life without even having the full functional capability of his body . His courage and dedication may one day take him to high places in life but above all , for those who are feeling useless and hopeless even though they have fully functional limbs , Kasun 's story is going to be a lesson . The_poorer_the_merrier Kasun may not be a superhero or a super genius but he is a great human being who has overcome challenges and hardships of life without even having the full functional capability of his body . His courage and dedication may one day take him to high places in life but above all , for those who are feeling useless and hopeless even though they have fully functional limbs , Kasun 's story is going to be a lesson . Compassion Kasun may not be a superhero or a super genius but he is a great human being who has overcome challenges and hardships of life without even having the full functional capability of his body . His courage and dedication may one day take him to high places in life but above all , for those who are feeling useless and hopeless even though they have fully functional limbs , Kasun 's story is going to be a lesson . The_poorer_the_merrier Kasun may not be a superhero or a super genius but he is a great human being who has overcome challenges and hardships of life without even having the full functional capability of his body . His courage and dedication may one day take him to high places in life but above all , for those who are feeling useless and hopeless even though they have fully functional limbs , Kasun 's story is going to be a lesson . Compassion Real poverty of Britain : Shocking images of UK in the Sixties where poor really meant poor <h> THESE hard-hitting photographs offer a glimpse into the harrowing day-to-day for poor families living in Britain during the Sixties . Compassion Real poverty of Britain : Shocking images of UK in the Sixties where poor really meant poor <h> THESE hard-hitting photographs offer a glimpse into the harrowing day-to-day for poor families living in Britain during the Sixties . Compassion Real poverty of Britain : Shocking images of UK in the Sixties where poor really meant poor <h> THESE hard-hitting photographs offer a glimpse into the harrowing day-to-day for poor families living in Britain during the Sixties . Compassion Real poverty of Britain : Shocking images of UK in the Sixties where poor really meant poor <h> THESE hard-hitting photographs offer a glimpse into the harrowing day-to-day for poor families living in Britain during the Sixties . Compassion Valerie Siddiq : My heart goes out to all the deceased and the poor families . May God grant us tolerance for all race and religions . Compassion BUSINESSMAN Norberto Quisumbing Jr . of the Norkis Group of Companies has a challenge for families who can spare some of what they have : why not adopt poor families and help them break the cycle of poverty ? Metaphors BUSINESSMAN Norberto Quisumbing Jr . of the Norkis Group of Companies has a challenge for families who can spare some of what they have : why not adopt poor families and help them break the cycle of poverty ? Compassion It is written in Ecclessiastes in the Bible that ' WOE TO ANY NATION WHERE A SLAVE BECOMES KING ' This typifies the situation in Nigeria since the inception of that country . I weep for my country when I visited home in 2009 and toured my alma mater- ABSU ... the infrastructural decay reduced me to tears . No matter how much OIL is sold in the world market the money will not change the corrupt/ sorry situation in Nigeria . The only thing that will change it is REVOLUTION . I weep for the children , pregnant women , the sick , infirms and the vulnerables who are trapped in this diabolical hole called Nigeria . My advice to Nigerians ... ' GOD WILL NOT DO FOR MAN WHAT MAN CAN DO FOR HIMSELF ' Wake and take your destinies in your hands stop calling on God for simple things you can do , learn from Egypt , Tunisia and Libya experience . Compassion It is written in Ecclessiastes in the Bible that ' WOE TO ANY NATION WHERE A SLAVE BECOMES KING ' This typifies the situation in Nigeria since the inception of that country . I weep for my country when I visited home in 2009 and toured my alma mater- ABSU ... the infrastructural decay reduced me to tears . No matter how much OIL is sold in the world market the money will not change the corrupt/ sorry situation in Nigeria . The only thing that will change it is REVOLUTION . I weep for the children , pregnant women , the sick , infirms and the vulnerables who are trapped in this diabolical hole called Nigeria . My advice to Nigerians ... ' GOD WILL NOT DO FOR MAN WHAT MAN CAN DO FOR HIMSELF ' Wake and take your destinies in your hands stop calling on God for simple things you can do , learn from Egypt , Tunisia and Libya experience . Metaphors It is written in Ecclessiastes in the Bible that ' WOE TO ANY NATION WHERE A SLAVE BECOMES KING ' This typifies the situation in Nigeria since the inception of that country . I weep for my country when I visited home in 2009 and toured my alma mater- ABSU ... the infrastructural decay reduced me to tears . No matter how much OIL is sold in the world market the money will not change the corrupt/ sorry situation in Nigeria . The only thing that will change it is REVOLUTION . I weep for the children , pregnant women , the sick , infirms and the vulnerables who are trapped in this diabolical hole called Nigeria . My advice to Nigerians ... ' GOD WILL NOT DO FOR MAN WHAT MAN CAN DO FOR HIMSELF ' Wake and take your destinies in your hands stop calling on God for simple things you can do , learn from Egypt , Tunisia and Libya experience . Compassion It is written in Ecclessiastes in the Bible that ' WOE TO ANY NATION WHERE A SLAVE BECOMES KING ' This typifies the situation in Nigeria since the inception of that country . I weep for my country when I visited home in 2009 and toured my alma mater- ABSU ... the infrastructural decay reduced me to tears . No matter how much OIL is sold in the world market the money will not change the corrupt/ sorry situation in Nigeria . The only thing that will change it is REVOLUTION . I weep for the children , pregnant women , the sick , infirms and the vulnerables who are trapped in this diabolical hole called Nigeria . My advice to Nigerians ... ' GOD WILL NOT DO FOR MAN WHAT MAN CAN DO FOR HIMSELF ' Wake and take your destinies in your hands stop calling on God for simple things you can do , learn from Egypt , Tunisia and Libya experience . Compassion It is written in Ecclessiastes in the Bible that ' WOE TO ANY NATION WHERE A SLAVE BECOMES KING ' This typifies the situation in Nigeria since the inception of that country . I weep for my country when I visited home in 2009 and toured my alma mater- ABSU ... the infrastructural decay reduced me to tears . No matter how much OIL is sold in the world market the money will not change the corrupt/ sorry situation in Nigeria . The only thing that will change it is REVOLUTION . I weep for the children , pregnant women , the sick , infirms and the vulnerables who are trapped in this diabolical hole called Nigeria . My advice to Nigerians ... ' GOD WILL NOT DO FOR MAN WHAT MAN CAN DO FOR HIMSELF ' Wake and take your destinies in your hands stop calling on God for simple things you can do , learn from Egypt , Tunisia and Libya experience . Compassion IdeaRaya spokesman Maryam Ramli Lee in an interview with Malay Mail Online , September 10 , 2015 . For human rights , Idearaya is shining a spotlight on marginalised communities such as refugees and migrant workers , while its focus for philosophy this year would be on educating children to express themselves philosophically . Compassion IdeaRaya spokesman Maryam Ramli Lee in an interview with Malay Mail Online , September 10 , 2015 . For human rights , Idearaya is shining a spotlight on marginalised communities such as refugees and migrant workers , while its focus for philosophy this year would be on educating children to express themselves philosophically . Metaphors Bond went out of his way to help the less fortunate , often going on the road with Kim to take food to the homeless . Compassion TREVOR HAGAN/WINNIPEG FREE PRESS John Donovan , northern region director of the Addictions Foundation of Manitoba : ? Many of them are feeling pretty hopeless. ? Compassion Xi made the remarks during a tour of the city of Zhangjiakou in northern China 's Hebei Province , where he inspected an impoverished village , visiting and chatting with poor families , discussing how they could shake off poverty . Compassion Xi made the remarks during a tour of the city of Zhangjiakou in northern China 's Hebei Province , where he inspected an impoverished village , visiting and chatting with poor families , discussing how they could shake off poverty . Metaphors """ A vagrant even told me that he did not want to return to the streets ever again because of my movie . I mean , how much money can you pay to get a homeless person back on the right track ? """ Metaphors """ A vagrant even told me that he did not want to return to the streets ever again because of my movie . I mean , how much money can you pay to get a homeless person back on the right track ? """ Metaphors Watching poor families in England writhe in pain over this deep wound , we , as residents of this former slave plantation island , can commiserate with their distress . Compassion Watching poor families in England writhe in pain over this deep wound , we , as residents of this former slave plantation island , can commiserate with their distress . Metaphors Watching poor families in England writhe in pain over this deep wound , we , as residents of this former slave plantation island , can commiserate with their distress . Compassion Many celebrities wore blue ribbons to support the American Civil Liberties Union , which is seeking to shed light on the plight of young immigrants facing the potential of being deported . Metaphors Many celebrities wore blue ribbons to support the American Civil Liberties Union , which is seeking to shed light on the plight of young immigrants facing the potential of being deported . Compassion While some said they were just out to hang out with their friends of like persuasion , this was no social gathering for others ; it was a place of work . For some of these male prostitutes , the ' clients ' they picked up on this corner were their only means of survival , and the streets , in some cases , a home for the homeless among them . Compassion While some said they were just out to hang out with their friends of like persuasion , this was no social gathering for others ; it was a place of work . For some of these male prostitutes , the ' clients ' they picked up on this corner were their only means of survival , and the streets , in some cases , a home for the homeless among them . Compassion While some said they were just out to hang out with their friends of like persuasion , this was no social gathering for others ; it was a place of work . For some of these male prostitutes , the ' clients ' they picked up on this corner were their only means of survival , and the streets , in some cases , a home for the homeless among them . Compassion "His present "" chambers "" may be quite humble , but Shiyani has the tiny space very neatly organized and clean . Many people pass him by but do not manage to see him , because the space is partially hidden behind trees , which gives him a relative privacy . "" There are many homeless sleeping around the station , "" Captain Xoli Mbele , from the nearby Johannesburg Central Police station said ." The_poorer_the_merrier "His present "" chambers "" may be quite humble , but Shiyani has the tiny space very neatly organized and clean . Many people pass him by but do not manage to see him , because the space is partially hidden behind trees , which gives him a relative privacy . "" There are many homeless sleeping around the station , "" Captain Xoli Mbele , from the nearby Johannesburg Central Police station said ." The_poorer_the_merrier She urged members of the public to always be willing stretch a hand of support to persons in need within the society . Metaphors He said their efforts should not stop only at creating many graduates but also extended to students from poor families so that they could break away from the cycle of poverty . Metaphors He said their efforts should not stop only at creating many graduates but also extended to students from poor families so that they could break away from the cycle of poverty . Compassion That is the big picture , the one conveyed in official reports and government documents . But for the people who live on the ground in the province , it does not begin to portray the hopelessness , the everyday obstacles , the decay . Compassion Some years later the daughter 's marriage broke up . She had two children by then and needed money urgently . The father dipped into his savings and was eventually compelled to move into this home . His daughter has put in the papers for him to join her in Australia and he is hopeful of joining her soon . That day for him will be a joyful escape from the surrounding air of defeat , dejection and hopelessness . Metaphors Some years later the daughter 's marriage broke up . She had two children by then and needed money urgently . The father dipped into his savings and was eventually compelled to move into this home . His daughter has put in the papers for him to join her in Australia and he is hopeful of joining her soon . That day for him will be a joyful escape from the surrounding air of defeat , dejection and hopelessness . Compassion Some years later the daughter 's marriage broke up . She had two children by then and needed money urgently . The father dipped into his savings and was eventually compelled to move into this home . His daughter has put in the papers for him to join her in Australia and he is hopeful of joining her soon . That day for him will be a joyful escape from the surrounding air of defeat , dejection and hopelessness . Metaphors "Nearly 15,000 West African teenagers leave their homes every year to play football in Europe . Few make good on their dreams . Some are lured by corrupt "" agents "" , smuggled across the searing Sahara and discarded in the streets of Europe , resigned to selling fake designer bags as undocumented immigrants . Others are nabbed by academies and feeder teams affiliated with European clubs and often dumped like bad stocks ." Compassion "Nearly 15,000 West African teenagers leave their homes every year to play football in Europe . Few make good on their dreams . Some are lured by corrupt "" agents "" , smuggled across the searing Sahara and discarded in the streets of Europe , resigned to selling fake designer bags as undocumented immigrants . Others are nabbed by academies and feeder teams affiliated with European clubs and often dumped like bad stocks ." Compassion "Nearly 15,000 West African teenagers leave their homes every year to play football in Europe . Few make good on their dreams . Some are lured by corrupt "" agents "" , smuggled across the searing Sahara and discarded in the streets of Europe , resigned to selling fake designer bags as undocumented immigrants . Others are nabbed by academies and feeder teams affiliated with European clubs and often dumped like bad stocks ." Metaphors President Akufo-Addo noted that despite democracy gaining roots on the Continent , and the positive economic strides , there were justifiably pressing demands to address issues of widespread unemployment and the sense of hopelessness in the future , that compels large numbers of Africa 's youth to travel across the Sahara Desert and traverse perilous oceans in search of a better life in the developed world . Compassion President Akufo-Addo noted that despite democracy gaining roots on the Continent , and the positive economic strides , there were justifiably pressing demands to address issues of widespread unemployment and the sense of hopelessness in the future , that compels large numbers of Africa 's youth to travel across the Sahara Desert and traverse perilous oceans in search of a better life in the developed world . Compassion Haiti has legal protections for the disabled on paper , but the laws are poorly implemented . Disabled Haitians have few opportunities to work and too many youngsters with disabilities languish out of sight at home instead of going to school . Some impoverished parents abandon disabled kids outside state institutions or farm them out as domestic servants . Compassion Haiti has legal protections for the disabled on paper , but the laws are poorly implemented . Disabled Haitians have few opportunities to work and too many youngsters with disabilities languish out of sight at home instead of going to school . Some impoverished parents abandon disabled kids outside state institutions or farm them out as domestic servants . Compassion Haiti has legal protections for the disabled on paper , but the laws are poorly implemented . Disabled Haitians have few opportunities to work and too many youngsters with disabilities languish out of sight at home instead of going to school . Some impoverished parents abandon disabled kids outside state institutions or farm them out as domestic servants . Compassion "In Dublin , the Church of Ireland Archbishop Dr Michael Jackson reflected on the year drawing to a close and recalled the "" horrific conflagration at the halting site in Carrickmines "" and the death of Garda Tony Golden in Omeath , as well as the "" refugees fleeing from Syria "" and other parts of the Middle East and the "" forgotten peoples of Africa "" ." Compassion "In Dublin , the Church of Ireland Archbishop Dr Michael Jackson reflected on the year drawing to a close and recalled the "" horrific conflagration at the halting site in Carrickmines "" and the death of Garda Tony Golden in Omeath , as well as the "" refugees fleeing from Syria "" and other parts of the Middle East and the "" forgotten peoples of Africa "" ." Compassion PIC : James McClean delivers on his incredibly classy promise to young disabled girl <h> James McClean may be one of the most controversial figures in the Premier League but , when push comes to shove , his heart is always in the right place for those in need . Metaphors PIC : James McClean delivers on his incredibly classy promise to young disabled girl <h> James McClean may be one of the most controversial figures in the Premier League but , when push comes to shove , his heart is always in the right place for those in need . Compassion """ It 's the largest humanitarian tragedy of our time , "" Ninette Kelley , the UN high commissioner for refugees ' representative to Lebanon , told the Guardian earlier this month in an interview . "" We do not want the world to forget that people are suffering here . """ Compassion """ I have a lot of sympathy for folks who are in need in the city , "" Mr Edmonds-Waters said . "" This has become an extremely expensive city to live in . The divide between those who have and those who do n't is ridiculously ginormous . """ Compassion Hundreds of thousand Africans are graduating per year . Different from 1980s and early 1990s when college outpours got immediately absorbed in the labour market , many today are jobless and hopeless . Compassion It is seen in recurring violence and continuing degradation of women through stone-age practices such as FGM . It is seen in the thousands of Africans risking death in the seas to escape the hopelessness in their countries . It is seen in the ' cult of the Green Card , ' which I define as a maniacal ambition to live in America or Europe . Compassion Kenyans are known to have big hearts . Hearts so big that they give generously when it comes those in need . Despite all our differences , we unite to help the sick , fight for justice or feed those in drought or war-stricken areas . Metaphors Kenyans are known to have big hearts . Hearts so big that they give generously when it comes those in need . Despite all our differences , we unite to help the sick , fight for justice or feed those in drought or war-stricken areas . Compassion """ Anja Ringgren Loven I ca n't find a word to describe how I feel for you .... May God almighty keep blessing you and always give you strength and sound health to continue your good work ..... You gave hope to the hopeless ! ! ! ! Have so much respect for you .. Stay Blessed my good fellow ... "" says one commenter on Facebook . "" God bless you and your mission . Glad to see Hope ( and all the children ) growing up loved , well fed , happy , having fun , and going to school , "" says another ." Compassion From mother ( played by Bollywood actress Seema Biswas of Bandit Queen fame ) who rejected him and a society that offered no respite , Siva was , in a nutshell , a hopeless street vagabond . Compassion From mother ( played by Bollywood actress Seema Biswas of Bandit Queen fame ) who rejected him and a society that offered no respite , Siva was , in a nutshell , a hopeless street vagabond . Compassion We have the opportunity to give the gift of love , to shine a light in the darkness of despair , to share with others who are in need , to comfort those who are sad or lonely . Metaphors We have the opportunity to give the gift of love , to shine a light in the darkness of despair , to share with others who are in need , to comfort those who are sad or lonely . Compassion We have the opportunity to give the gift of love , to shine a light in the darkness of despair , to share with others who are in need , to comfort those who are sad or lonely . Metaphors We have the opportunity to give the gift of love , to shine a light in the darkness of despair , to share with others who are in need , to comfort those who are sad or lonely . Compassion She said since Bangladeshs main export to the USA is apparel , this industry employs 4 million workers , of which 90 percent are girls from poor families . Their earnings have empowered them . Their contributions now provide better nutritional food , allow siblings to go to schools , and give them a respected voice at home . Their empowerment is also helping reduce poverty , control population growth and increase literacy . Metaphors "While the scale of waste is astonishing in the Western world , the plight of the poor families in the UK being "" literally "" forced to rely on food banks than those suffering in African villages and refugee camps , is a sad story . But it is a true story ." Compassion "While the scale of waste is astonishing in the Western world , the plight of the poor families in the UK being "" literally "" forced to rely on food banks than those suffering in African villages and refugee camps , is a sad story . But it is a true story ." Compassion "While the scale of waste is astonishing in the Western world , the plight of the poor families in the UK being "" literally "" forced to rely on food banks than those suffering in African villages and refugee camps , is a sad story . But it is a true story ." Compassion "Shelter chief executive Polly Neate said , "" It 's disgraceful that even when families are working every hour they can , they 're forced to live through homelessness . """ Compassion Krueger recently harnessed that creativity to self-publish a book featuring the poems , artwork , photography and short stories of 16 ill or disabled artists from around the world . She hopes the book , which contains some of her own work as well , will show how talented disabled people can be . The_poorer_the_merrier The vast majority of girls and women caught in the exploitative global sex trade are not victims of kidnapping , like the Nigerian 276 abducted by Boko Haram , but rather of poverty . Human traffickers prey on poor families who do n't have access to education and are n't aware of their basic rights . Mired in grinding poverty , parents desperately take out loans on conditions they do n't understand , pledging their children on their debts . Compassion The vast majority of girls and women caught in the exploitative global sex trade are not victims of kidnapping , like the Nigerian 276 abducted by Boko Haram , but rather of poverty . Human traffickers prey on poor families who do n't have access to education and are n't aware of their basic rights . Mired in grinding poverty , parents desperately take out loans on conditions they do n't understand , pledging their children on their debts . Compassion The vast majority of girls and women caught in the exploitative global sex trade are not victims of kidnapping , like the Nigerian 276 abducted by Boko Haram , but rather of poverty . Human traffickers prey on poor families who do n't have access to education and are n't aware of their basic rights . Mired in grinding poverty , parents desperately take out loans on conditions they do n't understand , pledging their children on their debts . Compassion Kyle really your a pig , lol youre also very ignorant do nt like over weight women , well have u looked in the mirror recently your FAT , YOU AND YOUR BOSS SHOULD BE SACKED never to return to radio , , how dare you say go for the disabled , your more disabled than the disabled olympians , they have a genuine heart , you do nt have one , The_poorer_the_merrier You know the type . She 's excelling in her field while tutoring underprivileged kids , running 5K fundraisers and adopting the most hopeless rescue dogs as pets -- and she 's not afraid to gloat about it . Compassion Rather sad . Good set of pictures that tells a tale of survival , subsistence living , and hopeless nature of life in the tribal societies . Exploiting an unexpected geo-political bonanza is a temporary relief that is not sustainable . Education and economic development seem miles away . Compassion Rather sad . Good set of pictures that tells a tale of survival , subsistence living , and hopeless nature of life in the tribal societies . Exploiting an unexpected geo-political bonanza is a temporary relief that is not sustainable . Education and economic development seem miles away . Metaphors He stayed true to his promise , and at the opening day of the restaurant , he brought a lot of homeless from the park to give them full respect and food . Compassion President Muhammadu Buhari is on a divine mission to rescue the Nigeria from the brink of collapse and hopelessness , Speaker of the House of Representatives , Rt . Hon. Yakubu Dogara has said . Compassion The Global Gender Gap Report 2016 has ranked Pakistan 143 out of 144 countries . This really demonstrates the failure of feminists who are hopeless to break the historical shackles of bondage on women and establish favorable political , educational , economic , and health conditions . Metaphors Instead of restaurants and malls , they go into the nooks and crannies of the capital , approaching every homeless person they meet to offer them a new lease on life . Metaphors Instead of restaurants and malls , they go into the nooks and crannies of the capital , approaching every homeless person they meet to offer them a new lease on life . Metaphors According to her , she established Royal Seed home to bring up a needy or homeless child to become a great person in future . Compassion THE jagged rocks , the stony beaches , the sweeping , heather covered hills ... the last views of the old country that faded from sight when a generation of immigrants set sail for the new world ( you can read that in Liam Neeson 's voice if you want ) . Compassion THE jagged rocks , the stony beaches , the sweeping , heather covered hills ... the last views of the old country that faded from sight when a generation of immigrants set sail for the new world ( you can read that in Liam Neeson 's voice if you want ) . Metaphors THE jagged rocks , the stony beaches , the sweeping , heather covered hills ... the last views of the old country that faded from sight when a generation of immigrants set sail for the new world ( you can read that in Liam Neeson 's voice if you want ) . Metaphors It was through that experience Guest decided to help others in need , people who society had passed by , a notion he has continued throughout his retirement years . Compassion It was through that experience Guest decided to help others in need , people who society had passed by , a notion he has continued throughout his retirement years . Metaphors """ Africa Rights Initiatives International has brought smiles on the faces of many , especially , crippled/ disabled who received crutches , the poor sighted who received glasses and medications , the poor who received clothing , the 1,225people who received free health insurance coverage and the general public that received free medical care and above all , the financial support for the Anti Snake Venom ( ASV ) to save the life of the poor woman in Kporibayiri , and referral of the poor boy who died on the way to the hospital . Your Midwives also conducted great deliveries during your visit . Only God knows what would have happened as the only Midwife for the Sub-district was still on her annual leave "" He said ." Metaphors """ Africa Rights Initiatives International has brought smiles on the faces of many , especially , crippled/ disabled who received crutches , the poor sighted who received glasses and medications , the poor who received clothing , the 1,225people who received free health insurance coverage and the general public that received free medical care and above all , the financial support for the Anti Snake Venom ( ASV ) to save the life of the poor woman in Kporibayiri , and referral of the poor boy who died on the way to the hospital . Your Midwives also conducted great deliveries during your visit . Only God knows what would have happened as the only Midwife for the Sub-district was still on her annual leave "" He said ." Compassion """ Africa Rights Initiatives International has brought smiles on the faces of many , especially , crippled/ disabled who received crutches , the poor sighted who received glasses and medications , the poor who received clothing , the 1,225people who received free health insurance coverage and the general public that received free medical care and above all , the financial support for the Anti Snake Venom ( ASV ) to save the life of the poor woman in Kporibayiri , and referral of the poor boy who died on the way to the hospital . Your Midwives also conducted great deliveries during your visit . Only God knows what would have happened as the only Midwife for the Sub-district was still on her annual leave "" He said ." Compassion The former Chelsea star through his foundation gave out toys , bags and clothes to kids in need of a brighter holiday Compassion This is a new education programme introduced in this district to ensure that each vulnerable girl and boy in this district is educated , protected , respected and valued and grows up to turn the tide of poverty . Metaphors To meet the need , villagers from Gairo district in Morogoro region have a reason to smile after the Campaign for Female Education ( Camfed ) Tanzania has introduced a new programme to support vulnerable girls and boys from poor families to access best education from primary to tertiary level that will help them to break the poverty cycle for themselves and their communities . Metaphors "Yangon , Myanmar , September 29 , 2017 -- Sanna Johnson , IRC 's Regional Director said : "" Whether forced to flee to neighbouring Bangladesh or stuck in northern Myanmar , cut off from essential services and lifesaving aid , Rohingya refugees have no safe place to call home . Today 's reported drownings are a tragic reminder of this desperation . As the largest health care provider in Rakhine State , the IRC is deeply alarmed by conditions on both sides of the border and calls for immediate access to reach those communities in need . """ Compassion "Yangon , Myanmar , September 29 , 2017 -- Sanna Johnson , IRC 's Regional Director said : "" Whether forced to flee to neighbouring Bangladesh or stuck in northern Myanmar , cut off from essential services and lifesaving aid , Rohingya refugees have no safe place to call home . Today 's reported drownings are a tragic reminder of this desperation . As the largest health care provider in Rakhine State , the IRC is deeply alarmed by conditions on both sides of the border and calls for immediate access to reach those communities in need . """ Metaphors "Yangon , Myanmar , September 29 , 2017 -- Sanna Johnson , IRC 's Regional Director said : "" Whether forced to flee to neighbouring Bangladesh or stuck in northern Myanmar , cut off from essential services and lifesaving aid , Rohingya refugees have no safe place to call home . Today 's reported drownings are a tragic reminder of this desperation . As the largest health care provider in Rakhine State , the IRC is deeply alarmed by conditions on both sides of the border and calls for immediate access to reach those communities in need . """ Compassion The drama 's compelling nature derived from a thorough knowledge of its cast , more numerous and improbable than any soap opera 's . The bite came from underlying tragedy : lost wives , lost jobs , pennilessness , homelessness and death . I have never laughed so much as in Soho in the Eighties . Compassion """ The worst thing was dealt to us , "" he said . "" But at least we 'll get closure . That 's a blessing , in some way ... but I think of those poor families who wo n't . """ Compassion We are alarmed to learn of your recently circulated proposals that would eviscerate the Lifeline program and leave many of the most vulnerable people in the country without access to affordable communications . As you are well aware , the Lifeline program provides a modest monthly subsidy of $9.25 to connect low-income Americans to phone and internet services . As broadband prices continue to soar , and affordability continues to suffer , adoption gaps remain . The Lifeline program has proven critical for poor families and people of color who are caught on the wrong side of the digital divide . Metaphors We are alarmed to learn of your recently circulated proposals that would eviscerate the Lifeline program and leave many of the most vulnerable people in the country without access to affordable communications . As you are well aware , the Lifeline program provides a modest monthly subsidy of $9.25 to connect low-income Americans to phone and internet services . As broadband prices continue to soar , and affordability continues to suffer , adoption gaps remain . The Lifeline program has proven critical for poor families and people of color who are caught on the wrong side of the digital divide . Compassion Famously progressive San Francisco has among America 's most eco-friendly public policies and has declared itself a sanctuary to immigrants it considers persecuted by President Donald Trump 's administration . Compassion Famously progressive San Francisco has among America 's most eco-friendly public policies and has declared itself a sanctuary to immigrants it considers persecuted by President Donald Trump 's administration . Metaphors For jobless , hopeless Zimbabweans there is nothing much to cheer <h> Email to Friend Compassion For jobless , hopeless Zimbabweans there is nothing much to cheer Compassion For many poor families , the college is a very important institution providing their children with the education crucial to break the poverty cycle . Metaphors For many poor families , the college is a very important institution providing their children with the education crucial to break the poverty cycle . Compassion "The rights and needs of hundreds of thousands of older and disabled people are being neglected and their difficulties left to worsen under a hopeless system of social care . But while the King 's Fund report says that older people are faring the worst from the poor state of social care , this ignores the plight of working age disabled people who are facing the double whammy of harsh and inefficient "" welfare reform "" , as well as severe cuts in social care support ." Compassion "The rights and needs of hundreds of thousands of older and disabled people are being neglected and their difficulties left to worsen under a hopeless system of social care . But while the King 's Fund report says that older people are faring the worst from the poor state of social care , this ignores the plight of working age disabled people who are facing the double whammy of harsh and inefficient "" welfare reform "" , as well as severe cuts in social care support ." Compassion "The rights and needs of hundreds of thousands of older and disabled people are being neglected and their difficulties left to worsen under a hopeless system of social care . But while the King 's Fund report says that older people are faring the worst from the poor state of social care , this ignores the plight of working age disabled people who are facing the double whammy of harsh and inefficient "" welfare reform "" , as well as severe cuts in social care support ." Compassion It is miserable being poor and homeless in an affluent nation where one 's worth is measured by what one can afford to buy . Even those in the middle class with good and steady jobs struggle to keep their lifestyle . Compassion Mum living in homeless shelter has ' nowhere to bring boys on Christmas day ' <h> ' panicked ' Compassion However , this success story is not uncommon . It often happens that people from poor families have more perseverance to fight tooth an nail in business than children of rich parents who are used to get everything they want with ease . People without a strong spirit will quickly break down and drop out from the competition . Metaphors However , this success story is not uncommon . It often happens that people from poor families have more perseverance to fight tooth an nail in business than children of rich parents who are used to get everything they want with ease . People without a strong spirit will quickly break down and drop out from the competition . The_poorer_the_merrier This year alone the B.S.I has been able to share with the kids of Rescue Dada Centre , a home that rescues girls from the streets and gives them an opportunity to better themselves in life . They also got to visit kids from Kijiji in Langata who were left homeless after a fire consumed their homes . Compassion Stephanie envisioned a model whereby women in need would be taught a skill such as handcrafts , and be paid a fair trade wage for their efforts . In turn , the women who had experienced hardship and marginalisation would grow to become self-sufficient . With the products then sold in Australia via an online store and a network of retailers , the profits would be reinvested in Seven Women to continue the cycle of empowerment . Compassion In the space of a week , four beautiful young women gave up their lives voluntarily over reasons ranging from a love affair to depression to unemployment . All were educated and from reasonably good families . And these are just some of the reports that media covered . Looked at dispassionately and from a distance , none of their problems seem insurmountable . What a waste of young , beautiful lives ! Compassion In the space of a week , four beautiful young women gave up their lives voluntarily over reasons ranging from a love affair to depression to unemployment . All were educated and from reasonably good families . And these are just some of the reports that media covered . Looked at dispassionately and from a distance , none of their problems seem insurmountable . What a waste of young , beautiful lives ! Compassion In the space of a week , four beautiful young women gave up their lives voluntarily over reasons ranging from a love affair to depression to unemployment . All were educated and from reasonably good families . And these are just some of the reports that media covered . Looked at dispassionately and from a distance , none of their problems seem insurmountable . What a waste of young , beautiful lives ! Compassion I now know why Mike Redmond is proposing a school lunch program . This news about 1/4 of all kids coming from poor families with not much food is an embarrassment . And Ghiz throws our tax dollars at his construction buddies &amp; immigrant investment at his political buddies . And then Ghiz and Myers and their good ol ' boy supporters decry a proposed program like free school lunches as a type of socialist conspiracy .... I 'd like every one of them to experience real hunger for a week in the winter and see if they 'd sing a different tune afterward . Ghazal and Myers and the blue blood wannabes of PEI have no clue . Compassion I now know why Mike Redmond is proposing a school lunch program . This news about 1/4 of all kids coming from poor families with not much food is an embarrassment . And Ghiz throws our tax dollars at his construction buddies &amp; immigrant investment at his political buddies . And then Ghiz and Myers and their good ol ' boy supporters decry a proposed program like free school lunches as a type of socialist conspiracy .... I 'd like every one of them to experience real hunger for a week in the winter and see if they 'd sing a different tune afterward . Ghazal and Myers and the blue blood wannabes of PEI have no clue . Metaphors "Mari ? tte Coetzee from Stofberg Family Vineyards ( whose Mia Chenin Blanc 2016 was the garagiste trophy winner at last year 's Michelangelo Awards and the recipient of four Platter 's stars for the Mari ? tte Chenin Blanc 2016 ) , says : "" We can be extremely proud of the current women winemakers in our industry , especially considering most of them are juggling a family along with the long working hours ." Compassion "Mari ? tte Coetzee from Stofberg Family Vineyards ( whose Mia Chenin Blanc 2016 was the garagiste trophy winner at last year 's Michelangelo Awards and the recipient of four Platter 's stars for the Mari ? tte Chenin Blanc 2016 ) , says : "" We can be extremely proud of the current women winemakers in our industry , especially considering most of them are juggling a family along with the long working hours ." The_poorer_the_merrier But kids fall through the cracks . If they move around a lot between schools - as kids from poor families very often do , due to precarious housing - they can go years between check-ups . Metaphors But kids fall through the cracks . If they move around a lot between schools - as kids from poor families very often do , due to precarious housing - they can go years between check-ups . Compassion Almost apocalyptic in its devastation , the wrath of one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Atlantic is evidenced in the smashed ruins of Barbuda 's candy-coloured homes , the hopeless faces of residents who have lost everything they own , and the haunted eyes of their children . Metaphors Almost apocalyptic in its devastation , the wrath of one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Atlantic is evidenced in the smashed ruins of Barbuda 's candy-coloured homes , the hopeless faces of residents who have lost everything they own , and the haunted eyes of their children . Compassion Almost apocalyptic in its devastation , the wrath of one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Atlantic is evidenced in the smashed ruins of Barbuda 's candy-coloured homes , the hopeless faces of residents who have lost everything they own , and the haunted eyes of their children . Metaphors Almost apocalyptic in its devastation , the wrath of one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Atlantic is evidenced in the smashed ruins of Barbuda 's candy-coloured homes , the hopeless faces of residents who have lost everything they own , and the haunted eyes of their children . Compassion Almost apocalyptic in its devastation , the wrath of one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Atlantic is evidenced in the smashed ruins of Barbuda 's candy-coloured homes , the hopeless faces of residents who have lost everything they own , and the haunted eyes of their children . Compassion """ Today 's decision upholds and affirms America 's proud history in providing refuge for the world 's most vulnerable . Refugees are fleeing violence and persecution and want nothing more than to live a safe and peaceful life ." Compassion While male prisoners in Pakistan also suffer , the female prisoners ' plight is truly worrying . Like male offenders , the majority of female offenders are poor . However , women enter the criminal justice system with a host of unique medical , psychological , and financial problems and needs that distinguish them from male offenders . Addiction , poverty , unemployment , physical and mental illness , physical and sexual abuse , and homelessness trap women in a cycle of hopelessness and crime . In particular , female offenders are often young mothers who face the additional trauma of threatened separation from their children . Compassion While male prisoners in Pakistan also suffer , the female prisoners ' plight is truly worrying . Like male offenders , the majority of female offenders are poor . However , women enter the criminal justice system with a host of unique medical , psychological , and financial problems and needs that distinguish them from male offenders . Addiction , poverty , unemployment , physical and mental illness , physical and sexual abuse , and homelessness trap women in a cycle of hopelessness and crime . In particular , female offenders are often young mothers who face the additional trauma of threatened separation from their children . Compassion While male prisoners in Pakistan also suffer , the female prisoners ' plight is truly worrying . Like male offenders , the majority of female offenders are poor . However , women enter the criminal justice system with a host of unique medical , psychological , and financial problems and needs that distinguish them from male offenders . Addiction , poverty , unemployment , physical and mental illness , physical and sexual abuse , and homelessness trap women in a cycle of hopelessness and crime . In particular , female offenders are often young mothers who face the additional trauma of threatened separation from their children . Compassion While male prisoners in Pakistan also suffer , the female prisoners ' plight is truly worrying . Like male offenders , the majority of female offenders are poor . However , women enter the criminal justice system with a host of unique medical , psychological , and financial problems and needs that distinguish them from male offenders . Addiction , poverty , unemployment , physical and mental illness , physical and sexual abuse , and homelessness trap women in a cycle of hopelessness and crime . In particular , female offenders are often young mothers who face the additional trauma of threatened separation from their children . Metaphors Old BC : As usual , Old GB has it assy-versy . I think there should be more focus on preventing homelessness than curing it . Are there systems for actually going out , picking up the homeless , and placing them where they belong ? Homeless people are n't voluntarily walking into these shelters . Metaphors American hegemony in industry is history , they simply allowed and even encouraged their prosperity to be exported to low -wage economies , resulting in local unemployed folk living in poverty , unable to pay the electricity bill and keeping themselves from depression and hopelessness by sniffing , snorting , smoking or injecting themselves with opiates . Compassion American hegemony in industry is history , they simply allowed and even encouraged their prosperity to be exported to low -wage economies , resulting in local unemployed folk living in poverty , unable to pay the electricity bill and keeping themselves from depression and hopelessness by sniffing , snorting , smoking or injecting themselves with opiates . Compassion American hegemony in industry is history , they simply allowed and even encouraged their prosperity to be exported to low -wage economies , resulting in local unemployed folk living in poverty , unable to pay the electricity bill and keeping themselves from depression and hopelessness by sniffing , snorting , smoking or injecting themselves with opiates . Compassion The Hope Foundation is a charity working with street and slum children in India . They work to free children and poor families from lives of pain , abuse , poverty and darkness . Living on the streets , children are exposed to horrendous physical and sexual abuse . Compassion The Hope Foundation is a charity working with street and slum children in India . They work to free children and poor families from lives of pain , abuse , poverty and darkness . Living on the streets , children are exposed to horrendous physical and sexual abuse . Compassion The Hope Foundation is a charity working with street and slum children in India . They work to free children and poor families from lives of pain , abuse , poverty and darkness . Living on the streets , children are exposed to horrendous physical and sexual abuse . Compassion The Hope Foundation is a charity working with street and slum children in India . They work to free children and poor families from lives of pain , abuse , poverty and darkness . Living on the streets , children are exposed to horrendous physical and sexual abuse . Metaphors "She remembers how hard being homeless hit her . She remembers , too , how she would try and act as mad as possible to intimidate people and stop them from coming close to her . She would turn as she walked and make loud noises so that people would leave her alone . How did she manage not to lose sight of her future while she was struggling for survival ? "" I handled my situation of being homeless pretty easily , "" she says with a bit of distance . "" I had football to focus on . I wanted to represent my country and I was n't going to let anything get in the way . """ Metaphors "She remembers how hard being homeless hit her . She remembers , too , how she would try and act as mad as possible to intimidate people and stop them from coming close to her . She would turn as she walked and make loud noises so that people would leave her alone . How did she manage not to lose sight of her future while she was struggling for survival ? "" I handled my situation of being homeless pretty easily , "" she says with a bit of distance . "" I had football to focus on . I wanted to represent my country and I was n't going to let anything get in the way . """ Compassion "She remembers how hard being homeless hit her . She remembers , too , how she would try and act as mad as possible to intimidate people and stop them from coming close to her . She would turn as she walked and make loud noises so that people would leave her alone . How did she manage not to lose sight of her future while she was struggling for survival ? "" I handled my situation of being homeless pretty easily , "" she says with a bit of distance . "" I had football to focus on . I wanted to represent my country and I was n't going to let anything get in the way . """ Compassion "There were also many larger events which took place , including a 24-hour long period of Eucharistic adoration and a prayer vigil . Additionally , "" jubilees "" were held which centered on , among others , the sick and disabled , catechists , teenagers , deacons , priests , religious , volunteers of mercy , and most recently , the poor and homeless ." Compassion "Calling for an immediate political solution to resolve the crisis in Syria , Erdogan said : "" Turkey 's incursion into northern Syria in early September had led to establishing peace , balance and stability in a region taken over by hopelessness "" ." Compassion "This little girl with her whole life in front of her can not go to school , can not read , can not write . At age seven , she is guilty , of being one of the world 's 60 million refugees in the year 2017 ! The government claims it has implemented "" 15 years free education "" but the reality does not match the words . For pre-school children , where government policies have created a completely privatised sector , normal fees are HK$2,800 per month -- completely out of reach for poor families ." Compassion "This little girl with her whole life in front of her can not go to school , can not read , can not write . At age seven , she is guilty , of being one of the world 's 60 million refugees in the year 2017 ! The government claims it has implemented "" 15 years free education "" but the reality does not match the words . For pre-school children , where government policies have created a completely privatised sector , normal fees are HK$2,800 per month -- completely out of reach for poor families ." Compassion "This little girl with her whole life in front of her can not go to school , can not read , can not write . At age seven , she is guilty , of being one of the world 's 60 million refugees in the year 2017 ! The government claims it has implemented "" 15 years free education "" but the reality does not match the words . For pre-school children , where government policies have created a completely privatised sector , normal fees are HK$2,800 per month -- completely out of reach for poor families ." Metaphors """ They have made them to become hopeless and now , in "" going to God "" , they have ended up being deceived further and their situation is exploited and the society becomes even worse ." Compassion It can not be right to allow homes to sit empty while many struggle to find somewhere to live , others having to sleep rough on pavements during Christmas , hoping against hope , for some charity to provide shelter . The number left homeless and destitute is alarming not necessarily at Christmas ? Compassion It can not be right to allow homes to sit empty while many struggle to find somewhere to live , others having to sleep rough on pavements during Christmas , hoping against hope , for some charity to provide shelter . The number left homeless and destitute is alarming not necessarily at Christmas ? Compassion It can not be right to allow homes to sit empty while many struggle to find somewhere to live , others having to sleep rough on pavements during Christmas , hoping against hope , for some charity to provide shelter . The number left homeless and destitute is alarming not necessarily at Christmas ? Compassion After a tragic event during his previous life as an FBI agent , Sawyer lost half a leg and developed an aversion to guns . So instead of the usual muscle-bound , wise-cracking , gun-toting cliche he 's often played , here he 's a vulnerable , disabled family man caught up in a twisted extortion plot . Compassion Behind the initiative are Danish national Lars Jorgensen and his American wife Monica , who came to the Philippines as backpacking tourists 27 years ago and were moved by the sight of Manila 's young and homeless . Compassion Bus driver Cathal Carroll asks if I 've heard the news this morning . I have n't . Four thousand souls have just been rescued from the waters of the Mediterranean , he says . All of them African refugees . All fleeing hunger and persecution in their native lands . What do I think about that ? Compassion Bus driver Cathal Carroll asks if I 've heard the news this morning . I have n't . Four thousand souls have just been rescued from the waters of the Mediterranean , he says . All of them African refugees . All fleeing hunger and persecution in their native lands . What do I think about that ? Compassion The measures have kept the migrants living in limbo . The overwhelming majority have not been granted asylum and they lead a tenuous existence , often at the whims of the government . Compassion "He said that he also stopped in Maiduguri , Nigeria , where he met with people who were torched out of their homes 11 months ago . "" These are the stories we carry with us , "" he underlined . "" The World Humanitarian Summit , is a once in a generation opportunity to set in motion an ambitious and far reaching agenda to change the way that we alleviate , and most importantly that we prevent , the suffering of the world 's most vulnerable people . """ Compassion Canada has managed to accept immigrants , yet it keeps its citizens happy at the same time . In fact , the only populist revolution was pro-immigrant ! It can all be managed , in a humane way ; feeling the pain of those who have left their homes in search of peace or prosperity . Compassion "In time , when the housing backlog for the low middle- and low-income families will have been significantly whittled down to manageable levels , the government can start looking at ways and means to bring these "" lesser "" Filipinos into the embrace of economic health -- and away from that malady called homelessness ." Compassion "In time , when the housing backlog for the low middle- and low-income families will have been significantly whittled down to manageable levels , the government can start looking at ways and means to bring these "" lesser "" Filipinos into the embrace of economic health -- and away from that malady called homelessness ." Compassion "In time , when the housing backlog for the low middle- and low-income families will have been significantly whittled down to manageable levels , the government can start looking at ways and means to bring these "" lesser "" Filipinos into the embrace of economic health -- and away from that malady called homelessness ." Metaphors "In a statement , the UNHCR said it is "" alarmed and concerned "" by Tuesday 's incident and urged the "" public and all those concerned with refugees to continue extending protection and to show empathy for civilians fleeing persecution and violence . """ Compassion We have done a great deal of work but the biggest thing we have done is to make the ministry a powerful tool for the protection of women ... Over the last four years , every time somebody comes up with a good idea or proposes an area in which women need help , we have adopted it immediately . We have been doing two things -- policymaking , which also pushes other ministries , and looking at individual cases of suffering . For me , both components are equally important . Compassion She added that her office has worked relentlessly with the present administration to translate policies into concrete actions for the women , children , the aged , orphans , the disabled , and other vulnerable members of the society . Hajiya Yuguda challenged Nigerians to believe in the immense capacity and capability of the women folk in nation building in order to bring about the much needed positive change the country is yearning for . The_poorer_the_merrier Bombarded by schizophrenia , addiction and homelessness , you might say that Eoghan O'Driscoll has been to hell and back . But he is finding a new balance through painting . Interview : Michael Lanigan Metaphors Bombarded by schizophrenia , addiction and homelessness , you might say that Eoghan O'Driscoll has been to hell and back . But he is finding a new balance through painting . Interview : Michael Lanigan Metaphors Bombarded by schizophrenia , addiction and homelessness , you might say that Eoghan O'Driscoll has been to hell and back . But he is finding a new balance through painting . Interview : Michael Lanigan Compassion """ So many of us see the state of our home as some kind of reflection of our self-worth ( even though it 's not ! ) , and a mess can so easily make you feel like a failure . And for those who have mental illnesses , chronic illness , chronic pain , or disabilities , this can be even worse , because when you 're not physically able to do a whole-house clean , it can all seem a little hopeless . """ Compassion """ So many of us see the state of our home as some kind of reflection of our self-worth ( even though it 's not ! ) , and a mess can so easily make you feel like a failure . And for those who have mental illnesses , chronic illness , chronic pain , or disabilities , this can be even worse , because when you 're not physically able to do a whole-house clean , it can all seem a little hopeless . """ Compassion Veterans left on scrapheap : The homeless plight of former servicemen and women Metaphors Veterans left on scrapheap : The homeless plight of former servicemen and women Compassion Veterans left on scrapheap : The homeless plight of former servicemen and women Compassion "Balu , an honest , hard-working labourer , who was injured by army shelling about 1993 leading to partial deafness , had latterly resettled in Tellipalai . While waiting to cross the KKS Rd. , he was killed by a navy vehicle with , as I learn , defective brakes , driven by a man without a heavy vehicle licence . When development fails the most vulnerable and poor , we have lost our way . It is well to remember Tagore in his essay on Nationalism : "" ... speed comes to its end , the engagement loses its meaning and the hungry heart clamours for food , till at last she comes to the lowly reaper reaping his harvest in the sun . """ Compassion "Balu , an honest , hard-working labourer , who was injured by army shelling about 1993 leading to partial deafness , had latterly resettled in Tellipalai . While waiting to cross the KKS Rd. , he was killed by a navy vehicle with , as I learn , defective brakes , driven by a man without a heavy vehicle licence . When development fails the most vulnerable and poor , we have lost our way . It is well to remember Tagore in his essay on Nationalism : "" ... speed comes to its end , the engagement loses its meaning and the hungry heart clamours for food , till at last she comes to the lowly reaper reaping his harvest in the sun . """ Metaphors "Emmanuelle Riva in "" Amour , "" as a woman in her 80s whose mind and body deteriorate after a series of strokes , is even frailer , more vulnerable , and quite defenseless . The first time we saw Riva , in "" Hiroshima Mon Amour , "" we were struck by her sensual , yet patrician face . Now the sensuality is gone , but the dignity of that countenance remains ." Compassion "Emmanuelle Riva in "" Amour , "" as a woman in her 80s whose mind and body deteriorate after a series of strokes , is even frailer , more vulnerable , and quite defenseless . The first time we saw Riva , in "" Hiroshima Mon Amour , "" we were struck by her sensual , yet patrician face . Now the sensuality is gone , but the dignity of that countenance remains ." Compassion """ We believe in the ability of young women to achieve great things , both for themselves and for Tanzania , "" he added ." The_poorer_the_merrier New Zealand has been getting more comfortable confronting difficult issues in primetime . Last year , Nigel Latta : The Hard Stuff 's exploration of suicide and teenagers ' online lives was a hit . Earlier this year another season of The Undateables , a British show about dating amongst the disabled and those with learning disabilities played at 8.45pm Mondays on TVNZ 2 . And despite the exploitative name , Embarassing Bodies has helped open eyes and minds to the reality of those whose physical form deviates from a societal conception of ' normal ' . Compassion New Zealand has been getting more comfortable confronting difficult issues in primetime . Last year , Nigel Latta : The Hard Stuff 's exploration of suicide and teenagers ' online lives was a hit . Earlier this year another season of The Undateables , a British show about dating amongst the disabled and those with learning disabilities played at 8.45pm Mondays on TVNZ 2 . And despite the exploitative name , Embarassing Bodies has helped open eyes and minds to the reality of those whose physical form deviates from a societal conception of ' normal ' . Metaphors New Zealand has been getting more comfortable confronting difficult issues in primetime . Last year , Nigel Latta : The Hard Stuff 's exploration of suicide and teenagers ' online lives was a hit . Earlier this year another season of The Undateables , a British show about dating amongst the disabled and those with learning disabilities played at 8.45pm Mondays on TVNZ 2 . And despite the exploitative name , Embarassing Bodies has helped open eyes and minds to the reality of those whose physical form deviates from a societal conception of ' normal ' . Compassion "I am shocked , disgusted and dismayed at yet another police incident that is being mishandled . How many poor families have had their loved ones senselessly perish at the hands of highly paid , supposedly "" professional "" police officers and have had to fight against an unjust system that allows these officers to literally get away with murder unpunished. ?" Compassion "I am shocked , disgusted and dismayed at yet another police incident that is being mishandled . How many poor families have had their loved ones senselessly perish at the hands of highly paid , supposedly "" professional "" police officers and have had to fight against an unjust system that allows these officers to literally get away with murder unpunished. ?" Compassion In the course of the coming week , the season of Lent begins . It is a time for renewal for each one of us , a time to draw closer to the Lord so that he may pick us up and set us again on his pathway to the fullness of life . The steps we are invited to take during Lent include the three traditional Lenten practices : prayer , fasting and almsgiving . We are to make these practices a more constant part of our life and behaviour throughout these next five and a half weeks . Through daily prayer we open our hearts to the Lord ; through fasting , or self-denial , we quieten the clamour within us for self-indulgence ; in almsgiving we have a means of reaching out to those in need , giving expression to our compassion for them . Metaphors In the course of the coming week , the season of Lent begins . It is a time for renewal for each one of us , a time to draw closer to the Lord so that he may pick us up and set us again on his pathway to the fullness of life . The steps we are invited to take during Lent include the three traditional Lenten practices : prayer , fasting and almsgiving . We are to make these practices a more constant part of our life and behaviour throughout these next five and a half weeks . Through daily prayer we open our hearts to the Lord ; through fasting , or self-denial , we quieten the clamour within us for self-indulgence ; in almsgiving we have a means of reaching out to those in need , giving expression to our compassion for them . Compassion In the course of the coming week , the season of Lent begins . It is a time for renewal for each one of us , a time to draw closer to the Lord so that he may pick us up and set us again on his pathway to the fullness of life . The steps we are invited to take during Lent include the three traditional Lenten practices : prayer , fasting and almsgiving . We are to make these practices a more constant part of our life and behaviour throughout these next five and a half weeks . Through daily prayer we open our hearts to the Lord ; through fasting , or self-denial , we quieten the clamour within us for self-indulgence ; in almsgiving we have a means of reaching out to those in need , giving expression to our compassion for them . Metaphors Many donors prefer to remain anonymous , having found a more solid satisfaction comes from knowing what they are doing is truly helping those in need , than is derived from others ' praise . Compassion KOLKATA : Sourav Kaibartya , a fisherman 's son who scored 94.2% in his higher secondary examination this year got entry into NIT Durgapur for engineering course . The boy was at a loss as to who will fund his education . That is when a corporate house came into his rescue . Thirty-seven students like him from West Bengal meritorious but from poor families will now get to continue their studies with an initiative from Magma Fincorp Ltd . Compassion "She continued , "" I stepped away from hiding behind a fabricated version of myself . I no longer put actions behind my fears and insecurities . I made a choice to redirect my energy to be a catalyst for change . To create a channel for women to become the truest versions of themselves , along with me. """ Metaphors "She continued , "" I stepped away from hiding behind a fabricated version of myself . I no longer put actions behind my fears and insecurities . I made a choice to redirect my energy to be a catalyst for change . To create a channel for women to become the truest versions of themselves , along with me. """ Metaphors """ My daughter , who was a physiotherapist , who is now on the other side , realizes how difficult it is being a disabled person . She wishes to change the idea in people 's minds when they look at a disabled person -- their mind is fine , they may be disabled , but they 're normal people and they want to be treated that way . """ Compassion """ My daughter , who was a physiotherapist , who is now on the other side , realizes how difficult it is being a disabled person . She wishes to change the idea in people 's minds when they look at a disabled person -- their mind is fine , they may be disabled , but they 're normal people and they want to be treated that way . """ Compassion Yes , DMC you are very good at adding numbers , I am sure the dead and homeless are really thankful that you have the numbers . But as a government department I do not see any action in preventing , educating , keeping sos supply depots , or indeed any action , apart from the armed forces providing aid and the common man . Metaphors The indigenous Palestinians see themselves abandoned by the powerful nations of the UN . In sheer hopelessness and a sense of dehumization they are , regrettably , now resorting to nihilistic activities trying to harm Israeli Jews and getting killed every day by the trigger happy Israelis - civilians and security forces alike . It is a sad development in a region that has cried for justice for too long -- almost 70 years - only to be ignored and severely punished for their noncompliance to the Zionist dream of Eretz Israel . Compassion The indigenous Palestinians see themselves abandoned by the powerful nations of the UN . In sheer hopelessness and a sense of dehumization they are , regrettably , now resorting to nihilistic activities trying to harm Israeli Jews and getting killed every day by the trigger happy Israelis - civilians and security forces alike . It is a sad development in a region that has cried for justice for too long -- almost 70 years - only to be ignored and severely punished for their noncompliance to the Zionist dream of Eretz Israel . Compassion The indigenous Palestinians see themselves abandoned by the powerful nations of the UN . In sheer hopelessness and a sense of dehumization they are , regrettably , now resorting to nihilistic activities trying to harm Israeli Jews and getting killed every day by the trigger happy Israelis - civilians and security forces alike . It is a sad development in a region that has cried for justice for too long -- almost 70 years - only to be ignored and severely punished for their noncompliance to the Zionist dream of Eretz Israel . Compassion The indigenous Palestinians see themselves abandoned by the powerful nations of the UN . In sheer hopelessness and a sense of dehumization they are , regrettably , now resorting to nihilistic activities trying to harm Israeli Jews and getting killed every day by the trigger happy Israelis - civilians and security forces alike . It is a sad development in a region that has cried for justice for too long -- almost 70 years - only to be ignored and severely punished for their noncompliance to the Zionist dream of Eretz Israel . Compassion The indigenous Palestinians see themselves abandoned by the powerful nations of the UN . In sheer hopelessness and a sense of dehumization they are , regrettably , now resorting to nihilistic activities trying to harm Israeli Jews and getting killed every day by the trigger happy Israelis - civilians and security forces alike . It is a sad development in a region that has cried for justice for too long -- almost 70 years - only to be ignored and severely punished for their noncompliance to the Zionist dream of Eretz Israel . Metaphors """ Stateless "" is the story of a forgotten group of Vietnamese refugees who spent over 16 years in the Philippines waiting for resettlement . Caught at the low tide of compassion fatigue by the international community , which led to the closure of refugee camps in Southeast Asia in the early 1990s , the refugees found themselves lost with no country to call home ." Compassion """ Stateless "" is the story of a forgotten group of Vietnamese refugees who spent over 16 years in the Philippines waiting for resettlement . Caught at the low tide of compassion fatigue by the international community , which led to the closure of refugee camps in Southeast Asia in the early 1990s , the refugees found themselves lost with no country to call home ." Compassion """ Stateless "" is the story of a forgotten group of Vietnamese refugees who spent over 16 years in the Philippines waiting for resettlement . Caught at the low tide of compassion fatigue by the international community , which led to the closure of refugee camps in Southeast Asia in the early 1990s , the refugees found themselves lost with no country to call home ." Compassion """ Stateless "" is the story of a forgotten group of Vietnamese refugees who spent over 16 years in the Philippines waiting for resettlement . Caught at the low tide of compassion fatigue by the international community , which led to the closure of refugee camps in Southeast Asia in the early 1990s , the refugees found themselves lost with no country to call home ." Metaphors """ Stateless "" is the story of a forgotten group of Vietnamese refugees who spent over 16 years in the Philippines waiting for resettlement . Caught at the low tide of compassion fatigue by the international community , which led to the closure of refugee camps in Southeast Asia in the early 1990s , the refugees found themselves lost with no country to call home ." Compassion """ Stateless "" is the story of a forgotten group of Vietnamese refugees who spent over 16 years in the Philippines waiting for resettlement . Caught at the low tide of compassion fatigue by the international community , which led to the closure of refugee camps in Southeast Asia in the early 1990s , the refugees found themselves lost with no country to call home ." Metaphors For ten years a group of women have been stitching love into thousands of knitted blankets and garments to help keep poor families in Eastern Europe warm . Metaphors He said that only deserving people had the right to benefit from the Wall of Kindness who were in need of such things and did not want to beg from others . Compassion "So when journalists and observers tell us that , "" Toronto will never be the same again , "" they are not only wrong , but are extremely unhelpful . Of course Toronto will be just the same again . Not for the poor families of the deceased , not for those struggling with ghastly and perhaps life-changing injuries , but for most of the rest of us . It wo n't change , because it never does ." Compassion "So when journalists and observers tell us that , "" Toronto will never be the same again , "" they are not only wrong , but are extremely unhelpful . Of course Toronto will be just the same again . Not for the poor families of the deceased , not for those struggling with ghastly and perhaps life-changing injuries , but for most of the rest of us . It wo n't change , because it never does ." Compassion "He said : "" We need improved security for civilians and aid workers and access to all those in need , but we must also build a bigger humanitarian muscle to provide for the suffering millions ." Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . The_poorer_the_merrier They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . The_poorer_the_merrier They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . The_poorer_the_merrier They sell their meager belongings , they borrow money from family and friends to buy work visas and airline fares , they are either illiterate or semi-literate , they are mostly unskilled souls from long suffering and very poor families . When they start work in Arab sheikdoms , despite being Muslims , they are treated as if they are sub-humans . These resolute and hardy souls , despite all the poverty and hardship inflicted upon them by nature , work hard like slaves and send billions of dollars to Pakistan ; with out this money the country could not survive . IF ANY ONE DESERVES LOW PIA FARES , IT IS THESE VERY PEOPLE , PAKISTAN 'S SURVIVAL DEPENDS UPON THEM , THEY ARE YOUR MOST VALUABLE FINANCIAL ASSET . SADLY NO MINISTRY SPEAKS FOR THEM . Compassion ICCCAD remains a strong advocate of local initiatives and supports the concept of Community Based Adaptation ( CBA ) . Solutions developed at the local level have the best chance of being successful since it is the poorest living in areas prone to storms , floods , and droughts who are most vulnerable and best understand what needs to be done . This approach seeks to give these communities a voice since it is powerlessness as much as location that makes these communities vulnerable to climate change . The_poorer_the_merrier ICCCAD remains a strong advocate of local initiatives and supports the concept of Community Based Adaptation ( CBA ) . Solutions developed at the local level have the best chance of being successful since it is the poorest living in areas prone to storms , floods , and droughts who are most vulnerable and best understand what needs to be done . This approach seeks to give these communities a voice since it is powerlessness as much as location that makes these communities vulnerable to climate change . Metaphors """ In particular , the programmes to support blind and disabled golf impress me both as an avid golfer and a passionate believer in the "" power of sport "" , to bring people together and transform lives for the better , "" said Mr Key ." Compassion When some people feel causing problem for some others by breaking into their homes to steal is n't too good , they just result to begging . You now see people without deformities begging , when some people who are disabled work to feed their mouth . You then ask , what type of country is Nigeria ? Even a man who is not lettered would chorus the maxim that two wrongs do n't make a right . The country is n't working out ; and people want to survive anyhow too . They have to eat they will say . Compassion When some people feel causing problem for some others by breaking into their homes to steal is n't too good , they just result to begging . You now see people without deformities begging , when some people who are disabled work to feed their mouth . You then ask , what type of country is Nigeria ? Even a man who is not lettered would chorus the maxim that two wrongs do n't make a right . The country is n't working out ; and people want to survive anyhow too . They have to eat they will say . Metaphors These latest gifts are from parents at a local home daycare who pooled together their own money and resources to help Raijene Mallory even more . Art Randolph did the heavy lifting , bringing in package after package to the once homeless family 's new northside apartment . Each wrapped gift and crate carrying necessities , clothing and toys coming from a group of compassionate mothers to another in need . Compassion "Mr Slosar said : "" We have been deeply moved by the plight of the people of Japan affected by the natural catastrophes . We hope that our contribution will help them to rebuild their lives . Red Cross has been our partner in reaching out to those in need in the community and we are pleased to work with them once again in this endeavour . """ Metaphors "In his final year as president , Mr S R Nathan - together with a few of his close friends - started discussing with me the idea of starting a philanthropic fund to help "" uplift "" children from poor families ." Metaphors If in addition ' miracles ' can be orchestrated then the acceptance and reverence become total . In a country where statistics state that unemployment is about 25 per cent but we know it is more like 70 per cent , where the next meal will come from is unpredictable and on a daily basis time just passes by ; it is not far-fetched for women to become prayer warriors for their children , husbands and siblings and are made to blame whatever is happening not on policies of the government but on the machinations of the devil . Compassion The next immediate problem that cropped up was how to assist the unfortunate couple , as neither of them possessed a birth certificate , a marriage certificate , or even an identity card . The Samurdhi Officer Dhanapala lamented explaining how agonizing it was for him to bear , when he came across the majority of poor families in the village did not possess even an ID to assist them officially . Compassion The next immediate problem that cropped up was how to assist the unfortunate couple , as neither of them possessed a birth certificate , a marriage certificate , or even an identity card . The Samurdhi Officer Dhanapala lamented explaining how agonizing it was for him to bear , when he came across the majority of poor families in the village did not possess even an ID to assist them officially . Compassion The next immediate problem that cropped up was how to assist the unfortunate couple , as neither of them possessed a birth certificate , a marriage certificate , or even an identity card . The Samurdhi Officer Dhanapala lamented explaining how agonizing it was for him to bear , when he came across the majority of poor families in the village did not possess even an ID to assist them officially . Compassion To strengthen child-sensitive social protection systems , including cash transfer programmes that directly help poor families to pay for food , health care , education and other services that protect children from the impact of poverty and improve their chances of breaking the cycle in their own lives . Metaphors To strengthen child-sensitive social protection systems , including cash transfer programmes that directly help poor families to pay for food , health care , education and other services that protect children from the impact of poverty and improve their chances of breaking the cycle in their own lives . Metaphors To strengthen child-sensitive social protection systems , including cash transfer programmes that directly help poor families to pay for food , health care , education and other services that protect children from the impact of poverty and improve their chances of breaking the cycle in their own lives . Compassion To strengthen child-sensitive social protection systems , including cash transfer programmes that directly help poor families to pay for food , health care , education and other services that protect children from the impact of poverty and improve their chances of breaking the cycle in their own lives . Compassion Today , homeless women are still searching for the same thing . A place to sleep and be safe . Compassion As a member of Care of Hope , Barnett provides food for the street people catered to by the foundation on a regular basis . She , however , does n't mind having to cook to feed the homeless and the needy she said , because this is basically something that is already up her alley . Compassion "Lougene has this message to others who may still be hooked on illegal drugs : "" Do n't be hopeless because there is hope . You can still change . That 's why whenever I see on TV drug users and dealers that were killed , I say to myself they should have been given a chance to change by bringing them to a place such as this . """ Compassion A harrowing journey Night falls early in this part of Morocco now and a cold winter looms , prompting the homeless Africans to take their chances before conditions worsen , and amid sometimes harsh treatment by authorities . Compassion In the midst of all these alignments and repositioning , the mass of Nigerians have remained poor , unhealthy , uneducated , unemployed , homeless , hungry , destitute and abandoned . But at the first hint of trouble , those with direct access to state resources and those who want direct access will play the ethnic , religious or gender card to achieve the desired result . Compassion This is in a renewed effort to focus attention on the plight of the homeless , orphaned , abandoned , abused and indigent children across the African continent , a passion which Sirleaf shares with the foundation . Compassion Together with wife Vicky , Cornell established the Chris &amp; Vicky Cornell Foundation , a charity that works with vulnerable children . The charity currently focuses on protecting these children from the ravages of homelessness , poverty , abuse and neglect . <h> 7 . Cuba concert Compassion Born a Christian , my HUMILITY and RESPECT for especially the elderly and young of our society is very firm , apt and intact . In like manner , my DEFENCE and JUSTICE for the helpless and vulnerable is very much same . Compassion Born a Christian , my HUMILITY and RESPECT for especially the elderly and young of our society is very firm , apt and intact . In like manner , my DEFENCE and JUSTICE for the helpless and vulnerable is very much same . Compassion From sleeping rough to becoming a published author : This man 's story will make you think twice about ignoring the homeless Compassion From sleeping rough to becoming a published author : This man 's story will make you think twice about ignoring the homeless Metaphors """ Bruce has done a fantastic job in training youngsters , especially the youngsters that come from the poorest of the poor families , who would never have even had an opportunity to even buy a cricket bat . """ Compassion """ Volleyball is our reputation in schools ' sport . But as an underprivileged school we are not in a position to give all the facilities needed by the players . Moreover these boys come from poor families and sadly the parents too are not in a state to render their support apart from their humble blessings . Our boys are very brave to win two or three titles in four to five tournaments annually which is a great achievement from our point of view , "" Lakshan added ." Compassion """ Volleyball is our reputation in schools ' sport . But as an underprivileged school we are not in a position to give all the facilities needed by the players . Moreover these boys come from poor families and sadly the parents too are not in a state to render their support apart from their humble blessings . Our boys are very brave to win two or three titles in four to five tournaments annually which is a great achievement from our point of view , "" Lakshan added ." The_poorer_the_merrier """ Volleyball is our reputation in schools ' sport . But as an underprivileged school we are not in a position to give all the facilities needed by the players . Moreover these boys come from poor families and sadly the parents too are not in a state to render their support apart from their humble blessings . Our boys are very brave to win two or three titles in four to five tournaments annually which is a great achievement from our point of view , "" Lakshan added ." Compassion "Ms. Archibald "" had room in her heart for everyone and believed strongly that every person was to be valued and respected , "" the family said , noting she worked at a homeless shelter prior to moving overseas . "" She would have had no understanding of the callous cruelty that caused her death . """ Metaphors "Ms. Archibald "" had room in her heart for everyone and believed strongly that every person was to be valued and respected , "" the family said , noting she worked at a homeless shelter prior to moving overseas . "" She would have had no understanding of the callous cruelty that caused her death . """ Compassion Even though many of these students get selected to subordinate services , the service is capable of uplifting their poor families . <h> Impact Compassion Even though many of these students get selected to subordinate services , the service is capable of uplifting their poor families . <h> Impact Metaphors A child huddled against her pregnant mother , among 10 other homeless children with their families in Nuwara Eliya town , struggling to shield themselves from freezing temperatures which dropped below eight degrees Celsius , was among the scenes witnessed on Thursday night . Compassion "In addition , Chan revealed that "" care and sharing "" will be a main theme of the coming budget plan , that is , assisting social groups in need to achieve the goal of supporting the disadvantaged and helping the children to make the society more harmonious ." Metaphors The AIMMM registers its full sympathy with the hapless female victims of violence and rape crimes , especially the young lady brutalised by beasts on a moving Delhi bus in the night of 16 December which has rightly agitated a large section of Indians . All such crimes against women and weaker sections , especially minorities , Dalits and Adivasis are highly condemnable and show the whole country in extremely bad light . It is time people , police , judiciary and government agencies stood up to discharge their duties to protect the weak and vulnerable sections of society . The AIMMM urges the government to introduce deterrent punishments for such brutal crimes . It should also hasten with the overdue Police reforms to liberate the police force from the British Raj rules and make it capable and accountable to protect all citizens , human rights and honour of ordinary people . Compassion The AIMMM registers its full sympathy with the hapless female victims of violence and rape crimes , especially the young lady brutalised by beasts on a moving Delhi bus in the night of 16 December which has rightly agitated a large section of Indians . All such crimes against women and weaker sections , especially minorities , Dalits and Adivasis are highly condemnable and show the whole country in extremely bad light . It is time people , police , judiciary and government agencies stood up to discharge their duties to protect the weak and vulnerable sections of society . The AIMMM urges the government to introduce deterrent punishments for such brutal crimes . It should also hasten with the overdue Police reforms to liberate the police force from the British Raj rules and make it capable and accountable to protect all citizens , human rights and honour of ordinary people . Compassion "Islamic philosophy has dealt at length with the study of inherent mental qualities and inclinations among human beings with special reference to moral virtue . Some human beings are totally inclined to the pursuit of virtue , and are consumed with desire for knowledge of the Divine World , known as m ' arifat , or gnosis . Others tend to be carried away by the things and pleasures of the world . There is a middle , order of persons who have inclination to gnosis , and also have aptitude for worldly , affairs . This last category is described by Imam Razi , writing in the 12th century , as "" the people of the right hand or the balanced people "" , and to such persons , control over the affairs of their fellowmen rightly belongs . The task is never easy ; mere goodness is no guarantee for success . Possession of all the virtues alone is not sufficient . There must be inspiration from a higher source . The element of marifat provides the necessary directions , by holding the attention to the Divine light . No leader of any community who has gained success in managing its affairs and certainly no leader who led his people out of bondage , or saved them from the threat of hopeless submergence under a majority , hostile to them , can ever have done so by the exercise of mere human intelligence , or brain power or character ." Metaphors "Islamic philosophy has dealt at length with the study of inherent mental qualities and inclinations among human beings with special reference to moral virtue . Some human beings are totally inclined to the pursuit of virtue , and are consumed with desire for knowledge of the Divine World , known as m ' arifat , or gnosis . Others tend to be carried away by the things and pleasures of the world . There is a middle , order of persons who have inclination to gnosis , and also have aptitude for worldly , affairs . This last category is described by Imam Razi , writing in the 12th century , as "" the people of the right hand or the balanced people "" , and to such persons , control over the affairs of their fellowmen rightly belongs . The task is never easy ; mere goodness is no guarantee for success . Possession of all the virtues alone is not sufficient . There must be inspiration from a higher source . The element of marifat provides the necessary directions , by holding the attention to the Divine light . No leader of any community who has gained success in managing its affairs and certainly no leader who led his people out of bondage , or saved them from the threat of hopeless submergence under a majority , hostile to them , can ever have done so by the exercise of mere human intelligence , or brain power or character ." Compassion "Islamic philosophy has dealt at length with the study of inherent mental qualities and inclinations among human beings with special reference to moral virtue . Some human beings are totally inclined to the pursuit of virtue , and are consumed with desire for knowledge of the Divine World , known as m ' arifat , or gnosis . Others tend to be carried away by the things and pleasures of the world . There is a middle , order of persons who have inclination to gnosis , and also have aptitude for worldly , affairs . This last category is described by Imam Razi , writing in the 12th century , as "" the people of the right hand or the balanced people "" , and to such persons , control over the affairs of their fellowmen rightly belongs . The task is never easy ; mere goodness is no guarantee for success . Possession of all the virtues alone is not sufficient . There must be inspiration from a higher source . The element of marifat provides the necessary directions , by holding the attention to the Divine light . No leader of any community who has gained success in managing its affairs and certainly no leader who led his people out of bondage , or saved them from the threat of hopeless submergence under a majority , hostile to them , can ever have done so by the exercise of mere human intelligence , or brain power or character ." Compassion "Islamic philosophy has dealt at length with the study of inherent mental qualities and inclinations among human beings with special reference to moral virtue . Some human beings are totally inclined to the pursuit of virtue , and are consumed with desire for knowledge of the Divine World , known as m ' arifat , or gnosis . Others tend to be carried away by the things and pleasures of the world . There is a middle , order of persons who have inclination to gnosis , and also have aptitude for worldly , affairs . This last category is described by Imam Razi , writing in the 12th century , as "" the people of the right hand or the balanced people "" , and to such persons , control over the affairs of their fellowmen rightly belongs . The task is never easy ; mere goodness is no guarantee for success . Possession of all the virtues alone is not sufficient . There must be inspiration from a higher source . The element of marifat provides the necessary directions , by holding the attention to the Divine light . No leader of any community who has gained success in managing its affairs and certainly no leader who led his people out of bondage , or saved them from the threat of hopeless submergence under a majority , hostile to them , can ever have done so by the exercise of mere human intelligence , or brain power or character ." Metaphors Thousands of people made homeless in an eviction drive in Kalyanpur slum on Thursday are occupying the open spaces around the shanty town that they called home , after bulldozers razed their dwellings to the ground . Compassion Thousands of people made homeless in an eviction drive in Kalyanpur slum on Thursday are occupying the open spaces around the shanty town that they called home , after bulldozers razed their dwellings to the ground . Compassion In each and every town or city where a Caxton local paper is distributed , you will find them immersed in their communities , providing assistance with projects that uplift society . A stand-out community newspaper initiative is DICE ( Do I Care Enough ) , a vital component of the Zululand Observer , indelibly linked to Zululand since 1973 . Not only is it involved in the care of the vulnerable and dispossessed , but it is active in all spheres of community upliftment wherever the need may be . Compassion In each and every town or city where a Caxton local paper is distributed , you will find them immersed in their communities , providing assistance with projects that uplift society . A stand-out community newspaper initiative is DICE ( Do I Care Enough ) , a vital component of the Zululand Observer , indelibly linked to Zululand since 1973 . Not only is it involved in the care of the vulnerable and dispossessed , but it is active in all spheres of community upliftment wherever the need may be . Compassion Themed ' March for Our Lives ' , the protesters included children , teenagers , pregnant women , the old and not excluding the disabled who rolled over on their wheel chairs . Compassion """ I think another main theme is the power of human resilience and bounding back from the ashes of ruin , and being willing as a really young person to speak out and to try and get justice . The bravery of these young women has just been astounding to us. """ The_poorer_the_merrier """ I think another main theme is the power of human resilience and bounding back from the ashes of ruin , and being willing as a really young person to speak out and to try and get justice . The bravery of these young women has just been astounding to us. """ The_poorer_the_merrier """ I think another main theme is the power of human resilience and bounding back from the ashes of ruin , and being willing as a really young person to speak out and to try and get justice . The bravery of these young women has just been astounding to us. """ Metaphors Hospitals fill as Rohingya refugees shiver through winter Metaphors Hospitals fill as Rohingya refugees shiver through winter Compassion VARANASI : Over six decades to Independence and the Muslim community may still be lagging behind in the field of education . But , a number of Muslim women and girls-- particularly hailing from poor families-- are coming out to dispel the darkness of ignorance and bring about a new dawn for the coming generation of the community . They are doing the community proud by making sincere efforts at spreading literacy , especially among other girls and children . Metaphors VARANASI : Over six decades to Independence and the Muslim community may still be lagging behind in the field of education . But , a number of Muslim women and girls-- particularly hailing from poor families-- are coming out to dispel the darkness of ignorance and bring about a new dawn for the coming generation of the community . They are doing the community proud by making sincere efforts at spreading literacy , especially among other girls and children . The_poorer_the_merrier VARANASI : Over six decades to Independence and the Muslim community may still be lagging behind in the field of education . But , a number of Muslim women and girls-- particularly hailing from poor families-- are coming out to dispel the darkness of ignorance and bring about a new dawn for the coming generation of the community . They are doing the community proud by making sincere efforts at spreading literacy , especially among other girls and children . Compassion What we have instead observed has been an ever-escalating education arms race , in which the poorest children have ended up hopelessly ill-equipped to fight . The signs are all around us : the booming billion-pound industry of private tutors paid to boost pupils ? ? ? grades ; the sharp-elbowed tiger parents stopping at nothing to get their children into the best schools , and the stressed-out students trying to navigate a complex and often baffling university admissions system . Compassion What we have instead observed has been an ever-escalating education arms race , in which the poorest children have ended up hopelessly ill-equipped to fight . The signs are all around us : the booming billion-pound industry of private tutors paid to boost pupils ? ? ? grades ; the sharp-elbowed tiger parents stopping at nothing to get their children into the best schools , and the stressed-out students trying to navigate a complex and often baffling university admissions system . Metaphors What we have instead observed has been an ever-escalating education arms race , in which the poorest children have ended up hopelessly ill-equipped to fight . The signs are all around us : the booming billion-pound industry of private tutors paid to boost pupils ? ? ? grades ; the sharp-elbowed tiger parents stopping at nothing to get their children into the best schools , and the stressed-out students trying to navigate a complex and often baffling university admissions system . Compassion Yes ... because there is NO HOPE where he lives . India is a third-world country . Do n't be fooled by call centers in big cities . Most of the country is rural and most of the population is illiterate and hopeless . Compassion Yes ... because there is NO HOPE where he lives . India is a third-world country . Do n't be fooled by call centers in big cities . Most of the country is rural and most of the population is illiterate and hopeless . Compassion For refugees begging for new life , Christmas sentiment is a luxury most of them could n't afford to expect under shadow of long-running conflicts . Compassion For refugees begging for new life , Christmas sentiment is a luxury most of them could n't afford to expect under shadow of long-running conflicts . Compassion For 12 years Ruby* lived a life of abuse , drugs , homelessness and prostitution . But two months ago she joined the lucky few to escape the horrors of prostitution . Compassion For 12 years Ruby* lived a life of abuse , drugs , homelessness and prostitution . But two months ago she joined the lucky few to escape the horrors of prostitution . Compassion In an unmarked brick building , a few blocks from the Mexican border , immigrant parents clutched folders of birth certificates and asylum paperwork and sat on folding chairs , waiting to use a single , shared landline phone . Compassion "Smyth told HKFP : "" The biggest challenge is the no work policy . I think that refugees who come here , or asylum seekers , they 're unable to work and they have kids here -- their kids are stateless . That 's really the cause of a lot of stress in the community . """ Compassion Through Gawad Kalinga , Meloto has proven to be a key player in the housing industry , helping provide decent homes and sustainable livelihood to the marginalized and homeless Filipinos . Compassion Pageants SA 's main charity is the Dignity Dreams project , where re-usable , washable sanitary towels are given to schoolgirls in need . Compassion The residents of Poranu Kotuwa who were deprived of healthy and independent lives in normal weather conditions , are facing a truly hopeless future . Compassion "Helen Schafer chose to help a family in need . "" Rather than sending out gifts to my clients , I 've sent them a letter effectively saying : ' This is what we 're going to do because it feels a hell of a lot more meaningful ' . """ Compassion While many Muslims can count on their blessings , they should not forget the fate of those who are poor and in need of help . Compassion This year in recognition of their ongoing dedication and charitable sacrifice to help all those in need through mutual help , true comradeship and sound memory over the past 90 years , the MOTHs of the Better ' Ole Shellhole will stand proudly to attention as Guard of Honour and sentries for the duration of this year 's Wayside Cross Remembrance Ceremony . Compassion "Despite having excellent academic qualifications , Rani is shown the door at innumerable interviews for a teaching position . After five years , she finally gets a job at St Notkers , but there 's a catch . She is given the notorious 9F , the "" hopeless "" students from the nearby slums who study in the school by virtue of the Right To Education , but are neither accepted by the teachers nor by the students ." Compassion "Despite having excellent academic qualifications , Rani is shown the door at innumerable interviews for a teaching position . After five years , she finally gets a job at St Notkers , but there 's a catch . She is given the notorious 9F , the "" hopeless "" students from the nearby slums who study in the school by virtue of the Right To Education , but are neither accepted by the teachers nor by the students ." Compassion Aklima Sultana , a teacher of the institution , told The Daily Star , ? I feel very proud when I think I teach underprivileged students coming from very poor families. ? Compassion But what is most striking about Mr. Trump 's answer is the bleak picture he pains of inner-city America and black life : poverty , gun violence , poor education and hopelessness . Compassion The Kalpana Chakma case demonstrates how subjugating a people is achieved by attacks on women and how those guilty of it are allowed to get away scot-free . This woman showed outstanding courage , a lion heart who spoke up for the violated until she , herself , was violently silenced. Metaphors The Kalpana Chakma case demonstrates how subjugating a people is achieved by attacks on women and how those guilty of it are allowed to get away scot-free . This woman showed outstanding courage , a lion heart who spoke up for the violated until she , herself , was violently silenced. Compassion The Kalpana Chakma case demonstrates how subjugating a people is achieved by attacks on women and how those guilty of it are allowed to get away scot-free . This woman showed outstanding courage , a lion heart who spoke up for the violated until she , herself , was violently silenced. The_poorer_the_merrier Vast swathes of South African land are owned by government and are not utilised or are underutilised . Government can easily transfer much of this land to deserving poor families and communities . Compassion Fashions good and bad such as in trousers tied so low backsides showing . Or dresses and skirts cut so high if a girl reaches out to pick up something from a shelf or cupboard her undies are exposed for the world to see . Lavish lifestyles for the rich and famous in which they spend millions of dollars in attire , luxury vehicles on land and sea , et cetera while fellow Americans wallow in misery , jobless , hungry and homeless . Compassion Fashions good and bad such as in trousers tied so low backsides showing . Or dresses and skirts cut so high if a girl reaches out to pick up something from a shelf or cupboard her undies are exposed for the world to see . Lavish lifestyles for the rich and famous in which they spend millions of dollars in attire , luxury vehicles on land and sea , et cetera while fellow Americans wallow in misery , jobless , hungry and homeless . Metaphors "Dodgeballs were flying fast and hard at Morningside College today for the 5th Annual Attack of the Killer Dodgeball Tournament fundraiser . The double elimination tournament had 18 teams playing this year to raise funds for the Community Action Agency of Siouxland 's Welcome Home Project "" . The project aims to get homeless Siouxland families off the streets and , with the aid of a family-development specialist , helps them turn their lives around ." Metaphors School for the Blind , Deaf and Dumb , Isulo , Anambra State , which parades a number of beautiful structures , is one of the schools battling with lack of facilities to meet the special educational needs of the children . According to Felix Nwaochi , President-General of Isulo Community , the school is seriously in need of water supply as many of the blind students have to fetch water from a stream to survive in the school . Compassion That foundation became an oasis for Grant 's Pen residents , and as they embraced our motto , ' Doing What Love Requires ' , political tensions eased and hopeless young people were able to get skills training as the foundation partnered with HEART Trust/NTA to make them employable . Compassion The sound of the bulldozers coming ever closer , the presence of the bodies draped in the white Eritrean shawls ( suria ) at prayer beside me , the juxtaposition of the silent petitions of hope and peace alongside the violence of destruction and hopelessness were too much for the words which tried and failed to describe the scene . Witnessing became the witness of tears . Compassion The sound of the bulldozers coming ever closer , the presence of the bodies draped in the white Eritrean shawls ( suria ) at prayer beside me , the juxtaposition of the silent petitions of hope and peace alongside the violence of destruction and hopelessness were too much for the words which tried and failed to describe the scene . Witnessing became the witness of tears . Compassion The sound of the bulldozers coming ever closer , the presence of the bodies draped in the white Eritrean shawls ( suria ) at prayer beside me , the juxtaposition of the silent petitions of hope and peace alongside the violence of destruction and hopelessness were too much for the words which tried and failed to describe the scene . Witnessing became the witness of tears . Metaphors With the assistances of the Shoal Livelihoods Programme through different NGOs , over 1,00,000 poor families living in the areas of these districts have achieved the success to overcome poverty since 2004 . Compassion The RDA 's actions , whilst creating a stir in Colombo society , are symptomatic of a much deeper national issue that mostly affects poor and vulnerable citizens . Unfortunately , the woes of the poor are rarely heard . Unaware of the laws and their rights , they do not have the means to hire lawyers and spend years in court to seek just compensation . Compassion The RDA 's actions , whilst creating a stir in Colombo society , are symptomatic of a much deeper national issue that mostly affects poor and vulnerable citizens . Unfortunately , the woes of the poor are rarely heard . Unaware of the laws and their rights , they do not have the means to hire lawyers and spend years in court to seek just compensation . Compassion "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." Compassion "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." Compassion "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." Metaphors "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." Compassion "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." Metaphors "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." Compassion "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." Metaphors "The 19th century figure of misfortune is conjured from the smokey dark of industrial Leicester as a young boy who 's drunken father pleads with him to be in the world but not of it -- to tow the line and appear the same as everyone else . Our Elephant Man does n't bear the growths and deformities of his historical predecessor , but Daniel Monks is physically disabled , lending so much more gravitas to the tale . He journeys from beneath the comfort of his mother 's wing , to the hostile streets , to the freak show , until even the tout rejects him because he "" makes an art form out of loneliness "" ." The_poorer_the_merrier This year TEAM HOPE shoeboxes from Ireland will go to street children , orphans , children in hospital , poor families , victims of war and other needy situations in Eastern Europe and former Soviet Union e.g. Romania , Kosovo , Albania and Africa e.g. Cameroon , Congo , Rwanda . Compassion About the same time , she gave an interview to the Invisible People project , which documents the lives of the homeless ; she seems hopeless , resigned to her fate and dubious future . Compassion About the same time , she gave an interview to the Invisible People project , which documents the lives of the homeless ; she seems hopeless , resigned to her fate and dubious future . Compassion Defend your dignity as human beings and children of God . Do not allow the rich and powerful , who are rich because you are poor , to divide you . They have light and water in their high fenced houses not because they are Muslims or Christians or that they are from this or that or the other tribe but simply because they are rich . You are poor , homeless , have no road , no water , and your children are sick and illiterate , not because you are Christian or Muslim or from this tribe or the other , but simply because you are poor . You and your children vote , but their children do not vote because they are abroad . Your children beg and die on the streets while their children are abroad fraternizing with those they call unbelievers . They give you a fake religion that enslaves you while they give their own children the religion of education that will liberate them and make them rule over you . Compassion Defend your dignity as human beings and children of God . Do not allow the rich and powerful , who are rich because you are poor , to divide you . They have light and water in their high fenced houses not because they are Muslims or Christians or that they are from this or that or the other tribe but simply because they are rich . You are poor , homeless , have no road , no water , and your children are sick and illiterate , not because you are Christian or Muslim or from this tribe or the other , but simply because you are poor . You and your children vote , but their children do not vote because they are abroad . Your children beg and die on the streets while their children are abroad fraternizing with those they call unbelievers . They give you a fake religion that enslaves you while they give their own children the religion of education that will liberate them and make them rule over you . Compassion Defend your dignity as human beings and children of God . Do not allow the rich and powerful , who are rich because you are poor , to divide you . They have light and water in their high fenced houses not because they are Muslims or Christians or that they are from this or that or the other tribe but simply because they are rich . You are poor , homeless , have no road , no water , and your children are sick and illiterate , not because you are Christian or Muslim or from this tribe or the other , but simply because you are poor . You and your children vote , but their children do not vote because they are abroad . Your children beg and die on the streets while their children are abroad fraternizing with those they call unbelievers . They give you a fake religion that enslaves you while they give their own children the religion of education that will liberate them and make them rule over you . Metaphors Defend your dignity as human beings and children of God . Do not allow the rich and powerful , who are rich because you are poor , to divide you . They have light and water in their high fenced houses not because they are Muslims or Christians or that they are from this or that or the other tribe but simply because they are rich . You are poor , homeless , have no road , no water , and your children are sick and illiterate , not because you are Christian or Muslim or from this tribe or the other , but simply because you are poor . You and your children vote , but their children do not vote because they are abroad . Your children beg and die on the streets while their children are abroad fraternizing with those they call unbelievers . They give you a fake religion that enslaves you while they give their own children the religion of education that will liberate them and make them rule over you . Compassion A Cruel And Violent Political Strategy <h> Asylum seekers on Manus Island and Nauru have been exiled , displaced , crushed and left hopeless . Compassion In South Africa , education is a right and not a privilege , but an unfavourable background can unconsciously infringe on this right . It is an open secret that poverty is rife in our country , therefore , those who are privileged enough should assist those who do not have . It may sound like an overstatement , but there are many girls who come from poor families who miss school due to lack of sanitary pads . Metaphors If these problems are not tackled there is every chance that another reporter will be back in another 20 years wondering how it is possible that vulnerable children are still being cursed with hunger and a horribly early death . Compassion If these problems are not tackled there is every chance that another reporter will be back in another 20 years wondering how it is possible that vulnerable children are still being cursed with hunger and a horribly early death . Metaphors B.C. housing minister Selina Robinson said that the project represents hope for many women and families in need . Compassion An immigrant to a developed country lives in two worlds . In the metropolitan societies he encounters a different way of looking at things . He develops new ideas , gains a new confidence . In the new country there are opportunities , he gets accustomed to a good standard of living . Yet he is an outsider , not fully assimilated , ethnicity and culture sets him apart from the mainstream . He yearns for familiarity , his roots . The idea of retiring to the original country comes to him . Compassion An immigrant to a developed country lives in two worlds . In the metropolitan societies he encounters a different way of looking at things . He develops new ideas , gains a new confidence . In the new country there are opportunities , he gets accustomed to a good standard of living . Yet he is an outsider , not fully assimilated , ethnicity and culture sets him apart from the mainstream . He yearns for familiarity , his roots . The idea of retiring to the original country comes to him . Compassion An immigrant to a developed country lives in two worlds . In the metropolitan societies he encounters a different way of looking at things . He develops new ideas , gains a new confidence . In the new country there are opportunities , he gets accustomed to a good standard of living . Yet he is an outsider , not fully assimilated , ethnicity and culture sets him apart from the mainstream . He yearns for familiarity , his roots . The idea of retiring to the original country comes to him . Compassion "Poverty . Forty-seven million people rely on food stamps . Thirty-eight million households have nothing saved for retirement . Some 1.2 million children are homeless . An estimated 58,000 veterans live on the streets each night . These facts are a national disgrace . America 's massive , grinding poverty is eating away at our strength . What kind of a "" superpower "" allows a million children to fend for themselves on the street ?" Compassion "Poverty . Forty-seven million people rely on food stamps . Thirty-eight million households have nothing saved for retirement . Some 1.2 million children are homeless . An estimated 58,000 veterans live on the streets each night . These facts are a national disgrace . America 's massive , grinding poverty is eating away at our strength . What kind of a "" superpower "" allows a million children to fend for themselves on the street ?" Compassion "Poverty . Forty-seven million people rely on food stamps . Thirty-eight million households have nothing saved for retirement . Some 1.2 million children are homeless . An estimated 58,000 veterans live on the streets each night . These facts are a national disgrace . America 's massive , grinding poverty is eating away at our strength . What kind of a "" superpower "" allows a million children to fend for themselves on the street ?" Compassion "Poverty . Forty-seven million people rely on food stamps . Thirty-eight million households have nothing saved for retirement . Some 1.2 million children are homeless . An estimated 58,000 veterans live on the streets each night . These facts are a national disgrace . America 's massive , grinding poverty is eating away at our strength . What kind of a "" superpower "" allows a million children to fend for themselves on the street ?" Compassion "Poverty . Forty-seven million people rely on food stamps . Thirty-eight million households have nothing saved for retirement . Some 1.2 million children are homeless . An estimated 58,000 veterans live on the streets each night . These facts are a national disgrace . America 's massive , grinding poverty is eating away at our strength . What kind of a "" superpower "" allows a million children to fend for themselves on the street ?" Compassion "Poverty . Forty-seven million people rely on food stamps . Thirty-eight million households have nothing saved for retirement . Some 1.2 million children are homeless . An estimated 58,000 veterans live on the streets each night . These facts are a national disgrace . America 's massive , grinding poverty is eating away at our strength . What kind of a "" superpower "" allows a million children to fend for themselves on the street ?" Metaphors The Cape Argus has launched a new collaborative editorial initiative called #TheDignityProject -- a 15-part daily series about the homeless people of Cape Town . Homeless person Danny Oosthuizen will be writing a daily column for the duration of the project . Read the fourth entry in Danny 's Diary below ... Compassion Mrs Gachagua attributed her kind gesture to a perennial , disturbing sight of despondent children from poor families gawping at kids from rich households as they make merry during festive seasons . Compassion Needless to say , whatever is the level of one 's disability , they face tenacious stigma and social exclusion in addition to their persistent physical or mental challenges . If life is hard for differently-abled adults , we can only imagine what it could be like for children . Their parents become tired , frustrated , and hopeless . Most of them lack financial and other resources to cope with the situation . It is almost inconceivable how burdened and helpless they feel , and therefore resort to a resigned acceptance of fate . Compassion Needless to say , whatever is the level of one 's disability , they face tenacious stigma and social exclusion in addition to their persistent physical or mental challenges . If life is hard for differently-abled adults , we can only imagine what it could be like for children . Their parents become tired , frustrated , and hopeless . Most of them lack financial and other resources to cope with the situation . It is almost inconceivable how burdened and helpless they feel , and therefore resort to a resigned acceptance of fate . Compassion Needless to say , whatever is the level of one 's disability , they face tenacious stigma and social exclusion in addition to their persistent physical or mental challenges . If life is hard for differently-abled adults , we can only imagine what it could be like for children . Their parents become tired , frustrated , and hopeless . Most of them lack financial and other resources to cope with the situation . It is almost inconceivable how burdened and helpless they feel , and therefore resort to a resigned acceptance of fate . Compassion Needless to say , whatever is the level of one 's disability , they face tenacious stigma and social exclusion in addition to their persistent physical or mental challenges . If life is hard for differently-abled adults , we can only imagine what it could be like for children . Their parents become tired , frustrated , and hopeless . Most of them lack financial and other resources to cope with the situation . It is almost inconceivable how burdened and helpless they feel , and therefore resort to a resigned acceptance of fate . Compassion Needless to say , whatever is the level of one 's disability , they face tenacious stigma and social exclusion in addition to their persistent physical or mental challenges . If life is hard for differently-abled adults , we can only imagine what it could be like for children . Their parents become tired , frustrated , and hopeless . Most of them lack financial and other resources to cope with the situation . It is almost inconceivable how burdened and helpless they feel , and therefore resort to a resigned acceptance of fate . Compassion """ Every abled person today can become disabled tomorrow . So we should treat our physically challenged brothers and sisters with dignity and respect , "" he cautioned ." Compassion """ Someone has to be there to care , "" he says . "" I think my passion for health-care policy comes from these vulnerable people who are forgotten . This whole experience has been more invigorating than I ever thought . """ Compassion """ Someone has to be there to care , "" he says . "" I think my passion for health-care policy comes from these vulnerable people who are forgotten . This whole experience has been more invigorating than I ever thought . """ Compassion """ Everyone makes a mistake , no one 's perfect . Execution is very bad , no one likes it . We feel very sorry for these poor , poor families ." Compassion "Mr. Mathur , who was born in India , came to Canada in the early Seventies when he was eight years old . His hard-working immigrant parents inspired him always to be resilient , as they demonstrated by gamely facing the hardships of integrating into society , finding work and putting food on the table . He describes his upbringing as somewhat spiritual , first in downtown Toronto and then in Bramalea , north-west of Toronto , in a working-class area filled with young families where "" it seemed everyone was the same , "" with the kids focused on academia and sports ." The_poorer_the_merrier "Mr. Mathur , who was born in India , came to Canada in the early Seventies when he was eight years old . His hard-working immigrant parents inspired him always to be resilient , as they demonstrated by gamely facing the hardships of integrating into society , finding work and putting food on the table . He describes his upbringing as somewhat spiritual , first in downtown Toronto and then in Bramalea , north-west of Toronto , in a working-class area filled with young families where "" it seemed everyone was the same , "" with the kids focused on academia and sports ." Compassion Mother of three on the brink of being homeless again <h> by Compassion Now everybody wonders how she takes care of herself , living with her disabled daughter after her husband died more than 20 years ago . Compassion But despite the dwindling hope , Yemenis refuse to give up on others in need . The_poorer_the_merrier But despite the dwindling hope , Yemenis refuse to give up on others in need . Compassion VATICAN CITY : To suffer and empathize together with others , drawing close to them to help restore their dignity : This is the attitude that the Christian should before those who suffer and are in need , said Pope Francis during Mass this morning at Casa Santa Marta , commenting on today 's Gospel from Luke dedicated to the account of Christ 's resurrection of Nain 's son . Compassion Over the years , I have worked very hard getting the word out about this national disgrace . Our most vulnerable citizens in long-term care facilities do not have a voice and FATE has been able to fill that void by speaking loud and clear for them and their families about abuses in long-term care facilities and , in particular , the overmedication of the patients in those places . Compassion """ If a single human being is rendered homeless and forced to live in the street in any country , it is shame to the people of that country , "" he adds ." Compassion Yemen , Syria , Iraq and Libya are hopeless ( anarchy ) militia states ; these are hopeless states , hopeless . How can we save these states ; even the US army could not bring stability after 10 years in Iraq . Compassion When Prophet Elijah the Tishbite was so frustrated and hopeless that contemplated suicide and told God to kill him , the first thing God did was to solve his immediate need by giving him food . He gave him food again until he ate and his heart was settled and thought of suicide no more . Compassion "This raises the question about the network of religious "" madrassa "" education , where children from poor families are indoctrinated to carry out suicide attacks . Several suicide bombers in recent months have been teenage children forced to embrace the bomb instead of the book . Yet global outrage is , so far , absent on this issue . <h> Roadblocks in schools" Compassion "This raises the question about the network of religious "" madrassa "" education , where children from poor families are indoctrinated to carry out suicide attacks . Several suicide bombers in recent months have been teenage children forced to embrace the bomb instead of the book . Yet global outrage is , so far , absent on this issue . <h> Roadblocks in schools" Metaphors Thousands of homeless Iranians huddled against the cold late on Monday , a day after at least 450 people were killed in Iran 's deadliest earthquake in more than a decade , Reuters reports , citing state television .... Compassion By learning a skill , and then passing it on to others , Otoyo is not only changing the narrative around disabled people , his work of knitting has also helped him to overcome the trauma of a decade spent fighting under one of the world 's most brutal rebel groups . Compassion When we talk about the freedom it is essential to remember the valiant war heroes who fought to save our country from L. T. T. E. terrorism throughout 30 years . They sacrificed their lives . They lost their limbs . They became disabled and their families suffered heavily . Economy was ruined . About 100,000 people including civilians lost their lives . Thousands became disabled . Are the people who lost their lives in the 30 years long war were losers ? Are those who saved their lives are winners ? I believe that we , who saved our lives from that tragedy , should remember the lessons we learnt . Compassion When we talk about the freedom it is essential to remember the valiant war heroes who fought to save our country from L. T. T. E. terrorism throughout 30 years . They sacrificed their lives . They lost their limbs . They became disabled and their families suffered heavily . Economy was ruined . About 100,000 people including civilians lost their lives . Thousands became disabled . Are the people who lost their lives in the 30 years long war were losers ? Are those who saved their lives are winners ? I believe that we , who saved our lives from that tragedy , should remember the lessons we learnt . Compassion When we talk about the freedom it is essential to remember the valiant war heroes who fought to save our country from L. T. T. E. terrorism throughout 30 years . They sacrificed their lives . They lost their limbs . They became disabled and their families suffered heavily . Economy was ruined . About 100,000 people including civilians lost their lives . Thousands became disabled . Are the people who lost their lives in the 30 years long war were losers ? Are those who saved their lives are winners ? I believe that we , who saved our lives from that tragedy , should remember the lessons we learnt . Compassion The group believes that only a Nana Addo/Bawumia administration can arrest the depth of hopelessness that the youth have fallen into and restore the dreams of an inclusive and prosperous nation . Compassion The group believes that only a Nana Addo/Bawumia administration can arrest the depth of hopelessness that the youth have fallen into and restore the dreams of an inclusive and prosperous nation . Compassion "He was born HIV-positive . He 's healthy , but when Sasha met him , volunteering at an orphanage , he weighed half as much as a 3&amp;#xBD ; year-old boy should , and his hair was falling out . The only word he knew was Russian for "" Do n't do that . "" The nurses told Sasha not to touch him . Not because of the HIV . It was love they were concerned with . If he received any , he 'd want more , and none would be forthcoming . He was aging out of the ward , and now they were going to send him to another one , more hopeless still , where he would be thrown in with lost causes of all ages . And there he would remain , as long as he remained ." Compassion "He was born HIV-positive . He 's healthy , but when Sasha met him , volunteering at an orphanage , he weighed half as much as a 3&amp;#xBD ; year-old boy should , and his hair was falling out . The only word he knew was Russian for "" Do n't do that . "" The nurses told Sasha not to touch him . Not because of the HIV . It was love they were concerned with . If he received any , he 'd want more , and none would be forthcoming . He was aging out of the ward , and now they were going to send him to another one , more hopeless still , where he would be thrown in with lost causes of all ages . And there he would remain , as long as he remained ." Compassion "He was born HIV-positive . He 's healthy , but when Sasha met him , volunteering at an orphanage , he weighed half as much as a 3&amp;#xBD ; year-old boy should , and his hair was falling out . The only word he knew was Russian for "" Do n't do that . "" The nurses told Sasha not to touch him . Not because of the HIV . It was love they were concerned with . If he received any , he 'd want more , and none would be forthcoming . He was aging out of the ward , and now they were going to send him to another one , more hopeless still , where he would be thrown in with lost causes of all ages . And there he would remain , as long as he remained ." Compassion "He was born HIV-positive . He 's healthy , but when Sasha met him , volunteering at an orphanage , he weighed half as much as a 3&amp;#xBD ; year-old boy should , and his hair was falling out . The only word he knew was Russian for "" Do n't do that . "" The nurses told Sasha not to touch him . Not because of the HIV . It was love they were concerned with . If he received any , he 'd want more , and none would be forthcoming . He was aging out of the ward , and now they were going to send him to another one , more hopeless still , where he would be thrown in with lost causes of all ages . And there he would remain , as long as he remained ." Compassion "When politicians discuss immigration , it is usually in high-flying terms . Jeb Bush says that "" immigrants create an engine of economic prosperity . "" Politicians always talk of importing the best and the brightest from abroad . But New York City 's salons capture the tawdry reality of illegal immigration , which creates islands of lawlessness where people can be mistreated with little consequence ." The_poorer_the_merrier "When politicians discuss immigration , it is usually in high-flying terms . Jeb Bush says that "" immigrants create an engine of economic prosperity . "" Politicians always talk of importing the best and the brightest from abroad . But New York City 's salons capture the tawdry reality of illegal immigration , which creates islands of lawlessness where people can be mistreated with little consequence ." Compassion "When politicians discuss immigration , it is usually in high-flying terms . Jeb Bush says that "" immigrants create an engine of economic prosperity . "" Politicians always talk of importing the best and the brightest from abroad . But New York City 's salons capture the tawdry reality of illegal immigration , which creates islands of lawlessness where people can be mistreated with little consequence ." Compassion "When politicians discuss immigration , it is usually in high-flying terms . Jeb Bush says that "" immigrants create an engine of economic prosperity . "" Politicians always talk of importing the best and the brightest from abroad . But New York City 's salons capture the tawdry reality of illegal immigration , which creates islands of lawlessness where people can be mistreated with little consequence ." Compassion "When politicians discuss immigration , it is usually in high-flying terms . Jeb Bush says that "" immigrants create an engine of economic prosperity . "" Politicians always talk of importing the best and the brightest from abroad . But New York City 's salons capture the tawdry reality of illegal immigration , which creates islands of lawlessness where people can be mistreated with little consequence ." Metaphors For now the families are staying with friends and family . During the day they clean up the debris left by the fire , hoping that someone will come to their rescue . They received emergency relief packs , but they are still in need of clothes , beds , blankets and kitchen appliances . Compassion For now the families are staying with friends and family . During the day they clean up the debris left by the fire , hoping that someone will come to their rescue . They received emergency relief packs , but they are still in need of clothes , beds , blankets and kitchen appliances . Compassion In the last four decades , tribal society has passed through the most torturous , bloody , destructive , divisive and increasingly brutalising phases . The sons and daughters of these dark times saw nothing except barbarities , hopelessness and helplessness . The children of jihad from the war zone had no window of opportunity or expression . As they saw a most handsome young man -- an aspiring model with fascinating attire and alluring photo sessions -- being cold-bloodedly murdered , they simply could not take it anymore and thronged to public spaces with a white flag in their hands . Suddenly , we see a Pashtun civil rights ' spring emerging from the death-fields of FATA . Compassion In the last four decades , tribal society has passed through the most torturous , bloody , destructive , divisive and increasingly brutalising phases . The sons and daughters of these dark times saw nothing except barbarities , hopelessness and helplessness . The children of jihad from the war zone had no window of opportunity or expression . As they saw a most handsome young man -- an aspiring model with fascinating attire and alluring photo sessions -- being cold-bloodedly murdered , they simply could not take it anymore and thronged to public spaces with a white flag in their hands . Suddenly , we see a Pashtun civil rights ' spring emerging from the death-fields of FATA . Compassion In the last four decades , tribal society has passed through the most torturous , bloody , destructive , divisive and increasingly brutalising phases . The sons and daughters of these dark times saw nothing except barbarities , hopelessness and helplessness . The children of jihad from the war zone had no window of opportunity or expression . As they saw a most handsome young man -- an aspiring model with fascinating attire and alluring photo sessions -- being cold-bloodedly murdered , they simply could not take it anymore and thronged to public spaces with a white flag in their hands . Suddenly , we see a Pashtun civil rights ' spring emerging from the death-fields of FATA . Metaphors In the last four decades , tribal society has passed through the most torturous , bloody , destructive , divisive and increasingly brutalising phases . The sons and daughters of these dark times saw nothing except barbarities , hopelessness and helplessness . The children of jihad from the war zone had no window of opportunity or expression . As they saw a most handsome young man -- an aspiring model with fascinating attire and alluring photo sessions -- being cold-bloodedly murdered , they simply could not take it anymore and thronged to public spaces with a white flag in their hands . Suddenly , we see a Pashtun civil rights ' spring emerging from the death-fields of FATA . Metaphors In the last four decades , tribal society has passed through the most torturous , bloody , destructive , divisive and increasingly brutalising phases . The sons and daughters of these dark times saw nothing except barbarities , hopelessness and helplessness . The children of jihad from the war zone had no window of opportunity or expression . As they saw a most handsome young man -- an aspiring model with fascinating attire and alluring photo sessions -- being cold-bloodedly murdered , they simply could not take it anymore and thronged to public spaces with a white flag in their hands . Suddenly , we see a Pashtun civil rights ' spring emerging from the death-fields of FATA . Compassion In the last four decades , tribal society has passed through the most torturous , bloody , destructive , divisive and increasingly brutalising phases . The sons and daughters of these dark times saw nothing except barbarities , hopelessness and helplessness . The children of jihad from the war zone had no window of opportunity or expression . As they saw a most handsome young man -- an aspiring model with fascinating attire and alluring photo sessions -- being cold-bloodedly murdered , they simply could not take it anymore and thronged to public spaces with a white flag in their hands . Suddenly , we see a Pashtun civil rights ' spring emerging from the death-fields of FATA . Compassion It 's lunchtime , and we 're sitting in the gutted remains of the house he 's painting today . The floor is littered with chips of concrete , and the windows are all blown out . Images of those bombed-out homes of Aleppo come to mind . But this building is being renovated , so the landowner can rent it to refugee families who can afford more than just a tent . Ibrahim 's is not one of those families . Compassion It 's lunchtime , and we 're sitting in the gutted remains of the house he 's painting today . The floor is littered with chips of concrete , and the windows are all blown out . Images of those bombed-out homes of Aleppo come to mind . But this building is being renovated , so the landowner can rent it to refugee families who can afford more than just a tent . Ibrahim 's is not one of those families . Compassion It 's lunchtime , and we 're sitting in the gutted remains of the house he 's painting today . The floor is littered with chips of concrete , and the windows are all blown out . Images of those bombed-out homes of Aleppo come to mind . But this building is being renovated , so the landowner can rent it to refugee families who can afford more than just a tent . Ibrahim 's is not one of those families . Compassion It 's lunchtime , and we 're sitting in the gutted remains of the house he 's painting today . The floor is littered with chips of concrete , and the windows are all blown out . Images of those bombed-out homes of Aleppo come to mind . But this building is being renovated , so the landowner can rent it to refugee families who can afford more than just a tent . Ibrahim 's is not one of those families . Compassion "The capitalism of our time does not understand the value of the union , because it has forgotten the social nature of the economy , enterprise , life , ties and patents . But perhaps our society does not understand the union because it does not see it fight enough in the ' not yet ' rights places : in the existential suburbs , among the discarded laborers , among the immigrants , the poor who are under the city walls ; Or simply it does not understand why corruption has sometimes entered the heart of some trade unionists . Do not let this be blocked . """ Metaphors "The capitalism of our time does not understand the value of the union , because it has forgotten the social nature of the economy , enterprise , life , ties and patents . But perhaps our society does not understand the union because it does not see it fight enough in the ' not yet ' rights places : in the existential suburbs , among the discarded laborers , among the immigrants , the poor who are under the city walls ; Or simply it does not understand why corruption has sometimes entered the heart of some trade unionists . Do not let this be blocked . """ Compassion "Dinu had developed a theme of life . It was , "" The circumstances of your life do n't and should n't describe or dictate the quality of your personality . "" Dinu did n't let these new and trying circumstances change any aspect of her character or her life . Though she herself was sick and in pain , she still took time to visit if a friend or relative was sick . Though she was in need , she was always there to help others when needed . She always had time to talk to her friends . Dinu 's Bible theme verse was Col 4:2 "" Continue earnestly in prayer , being vigilant in it with thanksgiving . """ The_poorer_the_merrier "Dinu had developed a theme of life . It was , "" The circumstances of your life do n't and should n't describe or dictate the quality of your personality . "" Dinu did n't let these new and trying circumstances change any aspect of her character or her life . Though she herself was sick and in pain , she still took time to visit if a friend or relative was sick . Though she was in need , she was always there to help others when needed . She always had time to talk to her friends . Dinu 's Bible theme verse was Col 4:2 "" Continue earnestly in prayer , being vigilant in it with thanksgiving . """ The_poorer_the_merrier "Dinu had developed a theme of life . It was , "" The circumstances of your life do n't and should n't describe or dictate the quality of your personality . "" Dinu did n't let these new and trying circumstances change any aspect of her character or her life . Though she herself was sick and in pain , she still took time to visit if a friend or relative was sick . Though she was in need , she was always there to help others when needed . She always had time to talk to her friends . Dinu 's Bible theme verse was Col 4:2 "" Continue earnestly in prayer , being vigilant in it with thanksgiving . """ The_poorer_the_merrier "Dinu had developed a theme of life . It was , "" The circumstances of your life do n't and should n't describe or dictate the quality of your personality . "" Dinu did n't let these new and trying circumstances change any aspect of her character or her life . Though she herself was sick and in pain , she still took time to visit if a friend or relative was sick . Though she was in need , she was always there to help others when needed . She always had time to talk to her friends . Dinu 's Bible theme verse was Col 4:2 "" Continue earnestly in prayer , being vigilant in it with thanksgiving . """ Compassion "As a child , I have always been told to give to those who are in need . I have been raised up to believe that if I do n't give to the needy , I will find my way to hell . Due to these teachings that has been imbued in me , I have been generally been sympathetic to the needy . After all it is said in the Holy Scriptures that "" there is blessing in giving than receiving "" . Growing up , I have however disabused my mind of this notion . I am just tired of seeing a familiar face beg on the street for far too long , I am tired of giving money to a beggar who asks me for money today and yet shamefully ask me for help again when he or she meets me on the next day ." Compassion Coming from a home that faced financial hardship , Father Campbell is always out to implement projects which help bring smiles to the faces of people who are in need . Metaphors """ The whole experience made me think about how many other poor families are going through this , "" she said ." Compassion According to Betty-Ann Blaine , executive director of Hear the Children 's Cry , deterioration of family life ; instability/shifting households ; crippling levels of poverty ; lack of adequate social support systems and heartbreaking levels of hopelessness are key factors leading to children running away from homes . Compassion According to Betty-Ann Blaine , executive director of Hear the Children 's Cry , deterioration of family life ; instability/shifting households ; crippling levels of poverty ; lack of adequate social support systems and heartbreaking levels of hopelessness are key factors leading to children running away from homes . Compassion According to Betty-Ann Blaine , executive director of Hear the Children 's Cry , deterioration of family life ; instability/shifting households ; crippling levels of poverty ; lack of adequate social support systems and heartbreaking levels of hopelessness are key factors leading to children running away from homes . Compassion The figures mentioned above are inclusive of men but have decided to single out women- our mothers- as an appreciation of their love to children . They paint a very gloomy picture and calls for every effort to protect women and children all over the world . As you are reading through the lines , right now you have a very touching story to tell about your own mother or your neighbour 's mother . Compassion Lilia Caberio is from Sulangan , in the Philippines . In 2013 , her house was destroyed by the 170 mile per hour winds and 6-metre high storm surge during Typhoon Haiyan , and for a while she lived with her family in a tent erected where her home used to be . The typhoon was frightening enough for Lilia , but homelessness must have felt even more so . Until Elizabeth came along . Compassion Lilia Caberio is from Sulangan , in the Philippines . In 2013 , her house was destroyed by the 170 mile per hour winds and 6-metre high storm surge during Typhoon Haiyan , and for a while she lived with her family in a tent erected where her home used to be . The typhoon was frightening enough for Lilia , but homelessness must have felt even more so . Until Elizabeth came along . Compassion "The letter ended with a call for the bishops to create a church which listens to "" the hungry , the imprisoned , the migrant and the abused "" ." Compassion English actor Benedict Cumberbatch makes an emotional plea for Syrian refugees . Speaking on Thursday , September 10 , at a curtain call of a performance in London , he urged the audience to donate cash to Save the Children to support refugees . Compassion """ I suddenly had the urge to look for a Filipino family living on the streets and give them a helping hand . I 'm talking about people who are forced into homelessness by poverty ." Compassion """ It 's not just a matter of income poverty . What matters is children in very poor families in crowded , cold and damp houses . There is an income issue , there is a housing supply issue and there is a housing quality issue . """ Compassion These poverty-stricken masses otherwise had little say in the political bargaining that took place in the corridors of power . It was there that the post-Independence power structures were shaped that determined the future of India and Pakistan . Yet the people were the ones who paid the price by suffering the pain of massacres , displacement , destruction of property and homelessness that accompanied Partition . Compassion These poverty-stricken masses otherwise had little say in the political bargaining that took place in the corridors of power . It was there that the post-Independence power structures were shaped that determined the future of India and Pakistan . Yet the people were the ones who paid the price by suffering the pain of massacres , displacement , destruction of property and homelessness that accompanied Partition . Compassion These poverty-stricken masses otherwise had little say in the political bargaining that took place in the corridors of power . It was there that the post-Independence power structures were shaped that determined the future of India and Pakistan . Yet the people were the ones who paid the price by suffering the pain of massacres , displacement , destruction of property and homelessness that accompanied Partition . Metaphors President Uhuru Kenyatta and his deputy William Ruto have been shuttling the country to ' light up ' homes especially those deep in the village where they pose with poor families . Metaphors It takes a lot of pain and hopelessness to get to that point Compassion And let 's acknowledge that 20-something wives and mothers are met with a shocking lack of support and an unacceptable level of judgment , which leaves young women feeling hopeless and discouraged . Compassion And let 's acknowledge that 20-something wives and mothers are met with a shocking lack of support and an unacceptable level of judgment , which leaves young women feeling hopeless and discouraged . Compassion And let 's acknowledge that 20-something wives and mothers are met with a shocking lack of support and an unacceptable level of judgment , which leaves young women feeling hopeless and discouraged . Compassion """ It is tragic that a young child would be so trapped in a sense of hopelessness ... it 's a tragedy that needs to be heard across the nation if we are going to extract a dividend of change , "" Mr Georgatos told the ABC on Tuesday ." Compassion """ It is tragic that a young child would be so trapped in a sense of hopelessness ... it 's a tragedy that needs to be heard across the nation if we are going to extract a dividend of change , "" Mr Georgatos told the ABC on Tuesday ." Metaphors """ People on low incomes must be protected from these unscrupulous operators who are preying on our most vulnerable ." Compassion He stressed for extricating the poorest from the poverty cycle and said that the government had launched a major drive against poverty , including the Benazir Income Support Programme , which was supporting millions of poor families across the country . Compassion He stressed for extricating the poorest from the poverty cycle and said that the government had launched a major drive against poverty , including the Benazir Income Support Programme , which was supporting millions of poor families across the country . Metaphors Over a hundred children got glimpses of such moments through stories at the Read-Along last week at the Inquirer 's main office in Makati City -- the warmth that envelops a disabled child upon discovery of a father 's unconditional love , or the exhilaration that comes when support from loved ones revitalizes one 's determination to pursue a dream or start a new one . Compassion Over a hundred children got glimpses of such moments through stories at the Read-Along last week at the Inquirer 's main office in Makati City -- the warmth that envelops a disabled child upon discovery of a father 's unconditional love , or the exhilaration that comes when support from loved ones revitalizes one 's determination to pursue a dream or start a new one . Metaphors "At that time , the handful of bhikkhunis was not only illiterate but also homeless and hungry , says Bhikkhuni Lekshe . "" They needed some help . """ Compassion Apparently in Dr. Ablow 's eyes , people who undergo the transgendered process are broken individuals , in need of repair . There are no transgendered people -- only people who are confused and in need of treatment to alleviate their condition . Compassion Apparently in Dr. Ablow 's eyes , people who undergo the transgendered process are broken individuals , in need of repair . There are no transgendered people -- only people who are confused and in need of treatment to alleviate their condition . Compassion Apparently in Dr. Ablow 's eyes , people who undergo the transgendered process are broken individuals , in need of repair . There are no transgendered people -- only people who are confused and in need of treatment to alleviate their condition . Metaphors Even people who are disabled can still practice karate and have a sense of accomplishment . It matters not what your state of being is , people are encouraged to excel . Compassion Although policy change is needed in the early childhood development sector in South Africa , the first step is a change in mind-set . When one sees the conditions in which the children of poor families learn , it is clear that we do not value poor black children . Their lives and their future prospects are not valued in the way they should be . Additionally , we also need to recognise the importance of the first few years of a child 's life . This is a period of rapid brain development , which is greater than at any other time of a person 's life . Moreover , not only do the early experiences of a child shape their lifelong learning , it also affects their physical and mental health . Compassion Although policy change is needed in the early childhood development sector in South Africa , the first step is a change in mind-set . When one sees the conditions in which the children of poor families learn , it is clear that we do not value poor black children . Their lives and their future prospects are not valued in the way they should be . Additionally , we also need to recognise the importance of the first few years of a child 's life . This is a period of rapid brain development , which is greater than at any other time of a person 's life . Moreover , not only do the early experiences of a child shape their lifelong learning , it also affects their physical and mental health . Compassion It is encouraging to note that the poor families all over India now realise that the best that they can do for their children is to provide them quality education , that would enable them to equip themselves to improve their life prospects . Parents keep track of the progress of their children in the schools as best as they can , given their poverty conditions and day today struggle to make a living . Compassion It is encouraging to note that the poor families all over India now realise that the best that they can do for their children is to provide them quality education , that would enable them to equip themselves to improve their life prospects . Parents keep track of the progress of their children in the schools as best as they can , given their poverty conditions and day today struggle to make a living . Metaphors """ Our message to every homeless person is that you ? ? ? re worth more than a million stars and we focus on the value of every single person . """ The_poorer_the_merrier """ Our message to every homeless person is that you ? ? ? re worth more than a million stars and we focus on the value of every single person . """ Metaphors "This is the rhetoric of what anthropologist Laura Agust ? n calls the "" rescue industry "" - a term used to describe people and institutions who conceptualize all sex workers as victims in need of saving . Catherine MacKinnon has argued , for example , that "" in prostitution , women have sex with men they would never otherwise have sex with ." Compassion Antidote for hopelessness Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Roy Gutman , author of How We Missed the Story , argued that journalism in conflict zones provides change-makers and hope as an antidote for hopelessness . Metaphors Once again the stateless Rohingya are on the run -- homeless and increasingly hopeless . Compassion Once again the stateless Rohingya are on the run -- homeless and increasingly hopeless . Compassion Once again the stateless Rohingya are on the run -- homeless and increasingly hopeless . Metaphors Once again the stateless Rohingya are on the run -- homeless and increasingly hopeless . Compassion And the belief in a shared sense of social justice -- a desire to give a helping hand to those in need . Metaphors Realising the absurdity of wealth discrepancy and social injustice he eventually married and went on to establish Groceryships - a charity that helps poor families put food on their tables and has never been happier . Metaphors The European Union together with its Member States is the world 's leading donor of humanitarian aid . Relief assistance is an expression of European solidarity towards people in need around the world . It aims to save lives , prevent and alleviate human suffering , and safeguard the integrity and human dignity of populations affected by natural disasters and man-made crises . For more information , please visit ECHO 's website . Compassion "At such times , the principle of Christ would warm the hearts of the brothers and sisters . "" When I was hungry , you feed me ; when I was thirsty you gave me to drink , when I was naked , you clothed me , when I was sick and homeless you took me in . "" Welcome into my kingdom ! <h> The distorted body was taken to a funeral home" Metaphors No right-thinking person could seriously consider endorsing a campaign entitled ' Team Ched ' . But the toxic swill of social media reaction that the Evans verdict unleashed was frightening to behold . The woman , who had surely been humiliated enough after finding every facet of her sex life pored over in a courtroom , once more faced a welter of sickening abuse . So , too , did women who sought to speak up for her . A passing glimpse of this ghastly public flogging exposed a fundamental hypocrisy . The recent release of the video recording Donald Trump making sexually aggressive comments about women has been condemned the world over . Compassion No right-thinking person could seriously consider endorsing a campaign entitled ' Team Ched ' . But the toxic swill of social media reaction that the Evans verdict unleashed was frightening to behold . The woman , who had surely been humiliated enough after finding every facet of her sex life pored over in a courtroom , once more faced a welter of sickening abuse . So , too , did women who sought to speak up for her . A passing glimpse of this ghastly public flogging exposed a fundamental hypocrisy . The recent release of the video recording Donald Trump making sexually aggressive comments about women has been condemned the world over . Compassion NDP foreign affairs critic Paul Dewar accused the government of breaking from the international community as well as Canada 's own tradition of accepting those most in need of protection , no matter their backgrounds . Compassion "Pangarap Village was originally distributed under the late president Ferdinand Marcos ' Presidential Decree 293 . Among those who benefited from the government 's "" land for the landless "" project then were government employees working for Malaca ? ang and urban poor families who bought small parcels of land ." Compassion """ In Metro Manila , 7,464 families of disabled cyclists were plunged deeper into poverty because their breadwinners have been maimed and are no longer capable to work , "" Pagdilao explained ." Compassion """ In Metro Manila , 7,464 families of disabled cyclists were plunged deeper into poverty because their breadwinners have been maimed and are no longer capable to work , "" Pagdilao explained ." Metaphors Meanwhile , confused men , women and children walked aimlessly along roads strewn with overturned cars and felled power lines , some gagging from the stench of rotting flesh . Compassion It was gathered that most of them are dying of misery and hopelessness , having retired from active service.The upper chamber , therefore , directed its Committee on Judiciary , Human Rights and Legal Matters to review the laws impeding the harmonisation of the processes and prompt payment of retirement benefits of all judicial officers in the country . Compassion In any nation where people with disabilities are given little help by both the community and the government and are therefore unemployable and living with few options , for me to judge the way that they have found to survive , which is often begging , is a luxury for which I , who have never been truly hungry or in need , should be very , very cautious with . Compassion The county boss noted that the goal is to liberate youths from dependency , poverty , apathy and hopelessness . Compassion Not only will a lot of poor families have less money to put toward housing -- after , say , being kicked off AHCCCS and having to foot their own medical bills -- but there 's concern about cuts to the low-income housing tax credit , which is currently one of the biggest incentives states have to get developers to build the affordable housing they so desperately need . Compassion While traversing various communities in Jamaica , one can see the hopelessness on the faces of many of our youth . Today , you can count the number of idle hands on the road and can not help but wonder how the human capital of this country can be put to more productive use . Unless we are able to create more jobs very soon , the crime rate will spiral . Compassion While traversing various communities in Jamaica , one can see the hopelessness on the faces of many of our youth . Today , you can count the number of idle hands on the road and can not help but wonder how the human capital of this country can be put to more productive use . Unless we are able to create more jobs very soon , the crime rate will spiral . Metaphors While traversing various communities in Jamaica , one can see the hopelessness on the faces of many of our youth . Today , you can count the number of idle hands on the road and can not help but wonder how the human capital of this country can be put to more productive use . Unless we are able to create more jobs very soon , the crime rate will spiral . Metaphors While traversing various communities in Jamaica , one can see the hopelessness on the faces of many of our youth . Today , you can count the number of idle hands on the road and can not help but wonder how the human capital of this country can be put to more productive use . Unless we are able to create more jobs very soon , the crime rate will spiral . Compassion Rosi captures the migrants ' overwhelming relief to be on dry land , the shock that gives way to mourning for their dead , and the crushing boredom they break up with rough-and-tumble football games . Compassion """ We insist on tolerance for the refugee , for the immigrant , for the stranger among us , in the name of the millions of Irish , of our own people who knew the hardship and the hurt of being refugees from famine ." Compassion "-- TEFAP : The Emergency Food Assistance Program , it was once better known as the "" government cheese program "" because it distributed blocks of cheese and other food to poor families . Today , Maine gets federal money to buy food staples from the USDA and distribute them to families in need through food pantries and soup kitchens ." Compassion I can only imagine what it must be like for women faced with the prospect of homelessness . For me , the real fear would be thinking I did n't belong anywhere . That I had no home , in the sense of the word that goes well beyond walls and a roof . Compassion I can only imagine what it must be like for women faced with the prospect of homelessness . For me , the real fear would be thinking I did n't belong anywhere . That I had no home , in the sense of the word that goes well beyond walls and a roof . Compassion THE UNWANTED . Rohingya migrants jump to collect food supplies dropped by a Thai army helicopter from a boat drifting in Thai waters off the southern island of Koh Lipe in the Andaman sea on May 14 , 2015 . Photo by Christophe Archambault/AFP Compassion "Ryan says he plans to serve out the remainder of his term , so he may have the opportunity to add to his legacy . Last October , following the mass shooting in Las Vegas , Ryan said he would "" look into "" the banning of bump stocks . There 's also the matter of the 800,000 "" Dreamers "" -- undocumented immigrants who were brought into the country as children who were protected under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program , which Trump ended . Last September , Ryan told those affected by the rescinding of DACA to "" rest easy , "" as Congress would take action to allow them to stay in the country . No such bill has passed Congress yet ." Compassion "SATURDAYS for homeless children in Chow Kit are now filled with learning and laughter , thanks to the "" Region of Love "" ( RoL ) ." Metaphors "The story of Christmas although ancient is always made new -- "" how God became flesh and lived among us , to be like us in all things but sin ... to be "" Emmanuel "" reminding men and women that God is with us at all times . Our welcoming Jesus this Christmas is to highlight that Jesus is the "" Unconquered Son of Justice "" who come to dispel the darkness of the world held captive by sin and ignorance . His coming tells us that He made Himself human to be one of us , to bring His love to all of us , especially the poor , the orphan , sick , disabled , and the oppressed ." Compassion During these stressful times , our country is enveloped with more shadows than light , more darkness of fear , doubts , hopelessness , and anxiety with the rising cases of extrajudicial killings , drug addictions , and acts of terrorism . People are living in darkness . There is an impending crisis in our country ... crisis of FAITH and a crisis of HOPE . Compassion During these stressful times , our country is enveloped with more shadows than light , more darkness of fear , doubts , hopelessness , and anxiety with the rising cases of extrajudicial killings , drug addictions , and acts of terrorism . People are living in darkness . There is an impending crisis in our country ... crisis of FAITH and a crisis of HOPE . Compassion During these stressful times , our country is enveloped with more shadows than light , more darkness of fear , doubts , hopelessness , and anxiety with the rising cases of extrajudicial killings , drug addictions , and acts of terrorism . People are living in darkness . There is an impending crisis in our country ... crisis of FAITH and a crisis of HOPE . Compassion During these stressful times , our country is enveloped with more shadows than light , more darkness of fear , doubts , hopelessness , and anxiety with the rising cases of extrajudicial killings , drug addictions , and acts of terrorism . People are living in darkness . There is an impending crisis in our country ... crisis of FAITH and a crisis of HOPE . Metaphors First of all , while , of course , it is the individual who directly benefits from college education in terms of acquiring more knowledge and skills , which translates to more job opportunities , it is not the individual alone who benefits . In a poor country such as the Philippines where wages are low and labor is cheap , the college education of a member of a family , especially for the poor , is their only way out of poverty . It is also the only way by which the future family of that same family member could break free from the quagmire of poverty that has enveloped his or her family for generations . It is about social mobility . And if more poor families break free from poverty , would that not reflect on the development of Philippine society ? Compassion First of all , while , of course , it is the individual who directly benefits from college education in terms of acquiring more knowledge and skills , which translates to more job opportunities , it is not the individual alone who benefits . In a poor country such as the Philippines where wages are low and labor is cheap , the college education of a member of a family , especially for the poor , is their only way out of poverty . It is also the only way by which the future family of that same family member could break free from the quagmire of poverty that has enveloped his or her family for generations . It is about social mobility . And if more poor families break free from poverty , would that not reflect on the development of Philippine society ? Metaphors First of all , while , of course , it is the individual who directly benefits from college education in terms of acquiring more knowledge and skills , which translates to more job opportunities , it is not the individual alone who benefits . In a poor country such as the Philippines where wages are low and labor is cheap , the college education of a member of a family , especially for the poor , is their only way out of poverty . It is also the only way by which the future family of that same family member could break free from the quagmire of poverty that has enveloped his or her family for generations . It is about social mobility . And if more poor families break free from poverty , would that not reflect on the development of Philippine society ? Compassion First of all , while , of course , it is the individual who directly benefits from college education in terms of acquiring more knowledge and skills , which translates to more job opportunities , it is not the individual alone who benefits . In a poor country such as the Philippines where wages are low and labor is cheap , the college education of a member of a family , especially for the poor , is their only way out of poverty . It is also the only way by which the future family of that same family member could break free from the quagmire of poverty that has enveloped his or her family for generations . It is about social mobility . And if more poor families break free from poverty , would that not reflect on the development of Philippine society ? Metaphors First of all , while , of course , it is the individual who directly benefits from college education in terms of acquiring more knowledge and skills , which translates to more job opportunities , it is not the individual alone who benefits . In a poor country such as the Philippines where wages are low and labor is cheap , the college education of a member of a family , especially for the poor , is their only way out of poverty . It is also the only way by which the future family of that same family member could break free from the quagmire of poverty that has enveloped his or her family for generations . It is about social mobility . And if more poor families break free from poverty , would that not reflect on the development of Philippine society ? Compassion """ The people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are resilient . I did not see hopelessness on any face , "" he said ." The_poorer_the_merrier """ I appreciate Mayor Nutter affording me the opportunity to lead the work of the Office of Health and Opportunity , "" said Kretsge . "" Over the last six years , staff in these departments has improved the health of Philadelphians and child safety and offered a life off the street for hundreds of formerly homeless individuals . I have worked closely with our departments on this work and I look forward to continuing these efforts in my new role . """ Metaphors "Aileen said : "" I just thought , ' Those poor families . ' I hope they get answers . We are still waiting . """ Compassion """ Then , driving past the queue of homeless people I just thought something is not right here . It really struck me the contrast between those who had comfortable homes and those who had nothing . """ Compassion """ Then , driving past the queue of homeless people I just thought something is not right here . It really struck me the contrast between those who had comfortable homes and those who had nothing . """ Compassion I 'm sorry to say that the average Nigerian woman is so much afraid of losing the grounds she has gained . This is unlike the men , who , when they climb up , leave the ladder for other men to climb same ladder to come and meet them there . The average Nigerian woman climbs the ladder and uses her left foot to push the ladder down . It 's unfortunate . You know why ? She lacks confidence in herself . Only a few women leaders ever think that once they are up there , no matter how they open doors for others , no other woman will come bring them down . That is the reason why a Nigerian woman today will have so much and will still have friends dying of lack . Metaphors I 'm sorry to say that the average Nigerian woman is so much afraid of losing the grounds she has gained . This is unlike the men , who , when they climb up , leave the ladder for other men to climb same ladder to come and meet them there . The average Nigerian woman climbs the ladder and uses her left foot to push the ladder down . It 's unfortunate . You know why ? She lacks confidence in herself . Only a few women leaders ever think that once they are up there , no matter how they open doors for others , no other woman will come bring them down . That is the reason why a Nigerian woman today will have so much and will still have friends dying of lack . Compassion I 'm sorry to say that the average Nigerian woman is so much afraid of losing the grounds she has gained . This is unlike the men , who , when they climb up , leave the ladder for other men to climb same ladder to come and meet them there . The average Nigerian woman climbs the ladder and uses her left foot to push the ladder down . It 's unfortunate . You know why ? She lacks confidence in herself . Only a few women leaders ever think that once they are up there , no matter how they open doors for others , no other woman will come bring them down . That is the reason why a Nigerian woman today will have so much and will still have friends dying of lack . Metaphors I 'm sorry to say that the average Nigerian woman is so much afraid of losing the grounds she has gained . This is unlike the men , who , when they climb up , leave the ladder for other men to climb same ladder to come and meet them there . The average Nigerian woman climbs the ladder and uses her left foot to push the ladder down . It 's unfortunate . You know why ? She lacks confidence in herself . Only a few women leaders ever think that once they are up there , no matter how they open doors for others , no other woman will come bring them down . That is the reason why a Nigerian woman today will have so much and will still have friends dying of lack . Metaphors I 'm sorry to say that the average Nigerian woman is so much afraid of losing the grounds she has gained . This is unlike the men , who , when they climb up , leave the ladder for other men to climb same ladder to come and meet them there . The average Nigerian woman climbs the ladder and uses her left foot to push the ladder down . It 's unfortunate . You know why ? She lacks confidence in herself . Only a few women leaders ever think that once they are up there , no matter how they open doors for others , no other woman will come bring them down . That is the reason why a Nigerian woman today will have so much and will still have friends dying of lack . Metaphors The numbers of the dead are expected to go up , as rescuers search by sea and air for at least 40 more migrants pitched overboard early Saturday when a crowded smuggler 's boat capsized . Dozens of people plunged into the water , grabbing at anything that might help keep them afloat . Compassion It is the sad fate of the arts and artists that they are the last ones to get attention from a government which has its hands full with concerns ranging from feeding the hungry and attending to the homeless and the victims of injustice . Compassion It is the sad fate of the arts and artists that they are the last ones to get attention from a government which has its hands full with concerns ranging from feeding the hungry and attending to the homeless and the victims of injustice . Metaphors Hojjat Gharibian was one of hundreds of homeless Iranian survivors , who was huddled against the cold with his family in Qasr-e Shirin. Compassion Hojjat Gharibian was one of hundreds of homeless Iranian survivors , who was huddled against the cold with his family in Qasr-e Shirin. Metaphors Part of the result now is the massive exodus of Africans from the continent to seek greener pastures in Europe . It is sad to see scores of young people die trying to cross the Sahara and Mediterranean into paradise . It is sad when our televisions show hundreds of immigrants trapped between the sea and fenced territories in Europe because they can not enter . What are they fleeing from ; why ca n't they stay at home ? This indeed is a million dollar question . They are fleeing from mismanaged economies that could have otherwise done well ; they are fleeing from years of bad politicking which has given birth to some of the worst policies the world has ever known . Metaphors Part of the result now is the massive exodus of Africans from the continent to seek greener pastures in Europe . It is sad to see scores of young people die trying to cross the Sahara and Mediterranean into paradise . It is sad when our televisions show hundreds of immigrants trapped between the sea and fenced territories in Europe because they can not enter . What are they fleeing from ; why ca n't they stay at home ? This indeed is a million dollar question . They are fleeing from mismanaged economies that could have otherwise done well ; they are fleeing from years of bad politicking which has given birth to some of the worst policies the world has ever known . Metaphors Part of the result now is the massive exodus of Africans from the continent to seek greener pastures in Europe . It is sad to see scores of young people die trying to cross the Sahara and Mediterranean into paradise . It is sad when our televisions show hundreds of immigrants trapped between the sea and fenced territories in Europe because they can not enter . What are they fleeing from ; why ca n't they stay at home ? This indeed is a million dollar question . They are fleeing from mismanaged economies that could have otherwise done well ; they are fleeing from years of bad politicking which has given birth to some of the worst policies the world has ever known . Compassion Part of the result now is the massive exodus of Africans from the continent to seek greener pastures in Europe . It is sad to see scores of young people die trying to cross the Sahara and Mediterranean into paradise . It is sad when our televisions show hundreds of immigrants trapped between the sea and fenced territories in Europe because they can not enter . What are they fleeing from ; why ca n't they stay at home ? This indeed is a million dollar question . They are fleeing from mismanaged economies that could have otherwise done well ; they are fleeing from years of bad politicking which has given birth to some of the worst policies the world has ever known . Metaphors Part of the result now is the massive exodus of Africans from the continent to seek greener pastures in Europe . It is sad to see scores of young people die trying to cross the Sahara and Mediterranean into paradise . It is sad when our televisions show hundreds of immigrants trapped between the sea and fenced territories in Europe because they can not enter . What are they fleeing from ; why ca n't they stay at home ? This indeed is a million dollar question . They are fleeing from mismanaged economies that could have otherwise done well ; they are fleeing from years of bad politicking which has given birth to some of the worst policies the world has ever known . Compassion Part of the result now is the massive exodus of Africans from the continent to seek greener pastures in Europe . It is sad to see scores of young people die trying to cross the Sahara and Mediterranean into paradise . It is sad when our televisions show hundreds of immigrants trapped between the sea and fenced territories in Europe because they can not enter . What are they fleeing from ; why ca n't they stay at home ? This indeed is a million dollar question . They are fleeing from mismanaged economies that could have otherwise done well ; they are fleeing from years of bad politicking which has given birth to some of the worst policies the world has ever known . Compassion Hope and try to understand the blackness , hopelessness , the cloudy lethargy and sadness drizzled with loneliness that they are going through . Metaphors Hope and try to understand the blackness , hopelessness , the cloudy lethargy and sadness drizzled with loneliness that they are going through . Metaphors Hope and try to understand the blackness , hopelessness , the cloudy lethargy and sadness drizzled with loneliness that they are going through . Compassion It is often a painful and frustrating experience for your visa to be refused . This is even more worrying in immigrant visa cases where the applicant 's plans of permanently settling with their family member in the U.S. or the DV lottery winner 's plans of making a new life in the U.S. takes a hit . Compassion It is often a painful and frustrating experience for your visa to be refused . This is even more worrying in immigrant visa cases where the applicant 's plans of permanently settling with their family member in the U.S. or the DV lottery winner 's plans of making a new life in the U.S. takes a hit . Compassion The fate of nearly 790,000 young undocumented immigrants is in the hands of a deeply divided Congress . Compassion """ After seeing so many children orphaned and homeless , we decided to introduce this facility without having any donor , but later , we got a sponsor from Australia , who built a dormitory for the children , "" she said ." Compassion PathFinders : Making the wishes of vulnerable Hong Kong-born children and their migrant mothers come true Compassion As a result , millions of Syrians as well as peoples of other countries in the region have been made both homeless and hopeless . Compassion "When she delivered her Nobel lecture , two decades after being awarded the prize , she mentioned the "" great sufferings "" addressed in Buddhist theology and dwelt on two she had come to know intimately : "" To be parted from those one loves and to be forced to live in propinquity with those one does not love . "" She continued : "" I thought of prisoners and refugees , of migrant workers and victims of human trafficking , of that great mass of the uprooted of the Earth who have been torn away from their homes , parted from families and friends , forced to live out their lives among strangers who are not always welcoming . """ Compassion "When she delivered her Nobel lecture , two decades after being awarded the prize , she mentioned the "" great sufferings "" addressed in Buddhist theology and dwelt on two she had come to know intimately : "" To be parted from those one loves and to be forced to live in propinquity with those one does not love . "" She continued : "" I thought of prisoners and refugees , of migrant workers and victims of human trafficking , of that great mass of the uprooted of the Earth who have been torn away from their homes , parted from families and friends , forced to live out their lives among strangers who are not always welcoming . """ Metaphors "When she delivered her Nobel lecture , two decades after being awarded the prize , she mentioned the "" great sufferings "" addressed in Buddhist theology and dwelt on two she had come to know intimately : "" To be parted from those one loves and to be forced to live in propinquity with those one does not love . "" She continued : "" I thought of prisoners and refugees , of migrant workers and victims of human trafficking , of that great mass of the uprooted of the Earth who have been torn away from their homes , parted from families and friends , forced to live out their lives among strangers who are not always welcoming . """ Compassion "When she delivered her Nobel lecture , two decades after being awarded the prize , she mentioned the "" great sufferings "" addressed in Buddhist theology and dwelt on two she had come to know intimately : "" To be parted from those one loves and to be forced to live in propinquity with those one does not love . "" She continued : "" I thought of prisoners and refugees , of migrant workers and victims of human trafficking , of that great mass of the uprooted of the Earth who have been torn away from their homes , parted from families and friends , forced to live out their lives among strangers who are not always welcoming . """ Compassion They discounted and denied every conceivable poll which showed Jonathan losing the election , preaching that Nigerians wanted continuity , not the change the opposition advocated . The people of Nigeria were portrayed as somehow loving their poverty and insecurity , their darkness and weakness , hopelessness and joblessness . Compassion A year after typhoon Yolanda 's vicious onslaught in many parts of Eastern Visayas , millions still find themselves homeless , with survivors starting to lose hope of ever rebuilding their lives as they witness this administration 's bumbling efforts in speeding up rehabilitation . Many have leveled down their expectations at the kind of assistance they will ever receive from the national government , remarking that the number of those who perished have yet to be correctly determined and remembering how President BS had chafed at suggestions that the figure could reach 10,000 . Many of us can still clearly recall how the president downplayed the estimates to about 2,500 in his interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Metaphors A year after typhoon Yolanda 's vicious onslaught in many parts of Eastern Visayas , millions still find themselves homeless , with survivors starting to lose hope of ever rebuilding their lives as they witness this administration 's bumbling efforts in speeding up rehabilitation . Many have leveled down their expectations at the kind of assistance they will ever receive from the national government , remarking that the number of those who perished have yet to be correctly determined and remembering how President BS had chafed at suggestions that the figure could reach 10,000 . Many of us can still clearly recall how the president downplayed the estimates to about 2,500 in his interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Compassion A year after typhoon Yolanda 's vicious onslaught in many parts of Eastern Visayas , millions still find themselves homeless , with survivors starting to lose hope of ever rebuilding their lives as they witness this administration 's bumbling efforts in speeding up rehabilitation . Many have leveled down their expectations at the kind of assistance they will ever receive from the national government , remarking that the number of those who perished have yet to be correctly determined and remembering how President BS had chafed at suggestions that the figure could reach 10,000 . Many of us can still clearly recall how the president downplayed the estimates to about 2,500 in his interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Compassion Denied dignity and hope , despair and anger have set in among Arab Jerusalemites . Young Palestinians see their parents ' despair and see their own futures as devoid of promise . This sense of hopelessness is the root cause of the current violence . Compassion Denied dignity and hope , despair and anger have set in among Arab Jerusalemites . Young Palestinians see their parents ' despair and see their own futures as devoid of promise . This sense of hopelessness is the root cause of the current violence . Compassion Denied dignity and hope , despair and anger have set in among Arab Jerusalemites . Young Palestinians see their parents ' despair and see their own futures as devoid of promise . This sense of hopelessness is the root cause of the current violence . Compassion Denied dignity and hope , despair and anger have set in among Arab Jerusalemites . Young Palestinians see their parents ' despair and see their own futures as devoid of promise . This sense of hopelessness is the root cause of the current violence . Metaphors Denied dignity and hope , despair and anger have set in among Arab Jerusalemites . Young Palestinians see their parents ' despair and see their own futures as devoid of promise . This sense of hopelessness is the root cause of the current violence . Metaphors A refugee is that boy . A refugee is a person , with a story , a life , a family , accomplishments , hardships , hopes and a desire for safety and belonging . Compassion A refugee is that boy . A refugee is a person , with a story , a life , a family , accomplishments , hardships , hopes and a desire for safety and belonging . Compassion "Francis said it was not enough to say , "" Have courage , hang in there "" , to the hundreds of thousands of refugees who are on the march toward what he called "" life 's hope "" ." Compassion The minimum requirements of job experience averaging between two and three years for advertised jobs has done nothing but to deprive youngsters of the opportunities to work and earn a respectable living for themselves . It has just rendered them hopeless . Compassion Let us follow in Mary 's footsteps and bring hope to the hopeless Compassion "While the future of the peace process remains uncertain , the hard fact that the government must tackle now is to not just take back the "" failed "" refugees but also ensure that they are not devoured by the same demon they had fled from in the first instance ." Compassion "While the future of the peace process remains uncertain , the hard fact that the government must tackle now is to not just take back the "" failed "" refugees but also ensure that they are not devoured by the same demon they had fled from in the first instance ." Metaphors "While the future of the peace process remains uncertain , the hard fact that the government must tackle now is to not just take back the "" failed "" refugees but also ensure that they are not devoured by the same demon they had fled from in the first instance ." Compassion Many of them sought refuge in Malaysia only to be treated as outcasts to be whipped , incarcerated , deported , trafficked or abused . Why was no consideration given to allowing the thousands of these refugees to work as there is now for the Rohingya ? Did the fact that they were non-Muslim disqualify them from compassionate treatment ? Compassion He said the current local derivatives or names exudes grimness , somberness and suggests even the macabre in the minds of people so that sufferers were often tagged hopeless cases even where there was hope . Compassion He lost both his parents within a month of each other , and now a young Tauranga man is facing the prospect of becoming homeless . Compassion "Speaking after the inquest Antony 's mum , Zena Stevens , said : "" It 's an unbearable loss . Antony was n't a druggie , he was just a very vulnerable young man ." Compassion "All these services were primed towards , in Mother Teresa 's own words , "" the hungry , the naked , the homeless , the crippled , the blind , the lepers , all those people who feel unwanted , unloved , uncared for throughout society , people that have become a burden to the society and are shunned by everyone . """ Compassion "She asks , with despair in her voice : "" What 's the point of cooking for the homeless when the homeless ca n't cook for themselves tomorrow ? "" Throwing her hands up in the air , she retorts : "" How was I supposed to start when I did n't have the funding ? """ Compassion KARACHI : Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has directed Social Welfare Department to establish a centre for elderly homeless people so that they could live respectfully without working hard and even without stretching their hands before others . Metaphors UN app lets you know what life as a refugee is like Compassion """ Let us also remind Lauretta that Nigerians are waiting eagerly to have her and her bosses in prison as soon as 2019 comes . They must account for the monies they allegedly stole from the IDPs , the poorest of the poor , through Babachir Lawal , and still went ahead to bomb them to death in Rann in their state of hopelessness and helplessness ." Compassion """ Let us also remind Lauretta that Nigerians are waiting eagerly to have her and her bosses in prison as soon as 2019 comes . They must account for the monies they allegedly stole from the IDPs , the poorest of the poor , through Babachir Lawal , and still went ahead to bomb them to death in Rann in their state of hopelessness and helplessness ." Compassion I have a dream journal . Sometimes , I create ads from dreams . Yellow Man for DiGi being one of them . Is that considered weird ? I 've also dressed up as a homeless man for a shoot once , but decided to stay like that for a few more hours after experiencing being ignored and feeling invisible . It was an eye opener . Compassion I have a dream journal . Sometimes , I create ads from dreams . Yellow Man for DiGi being one of them . Is that considered weird ? I 've also dressed up as a homeless man for a shoot once , but decided to stay like that for a few more hours after experiencing being ignored and feeling invisible . It was an eye opener . Metaphors As a little girl , I would cry walking down the streets of Toronto because I did n't know how to help the homeless people . I began to feel like that little girl again , heartsick over people 's hardships . But there was one major difference : no longer did I feel that all was hopeless . Metaphors As a little girl , I would cry walking down the streets of Toronto because I did n't know how to help the homeless people . I began to feel like that little girl again , heartsick over people 's hardships . But there was one major difference : no longer did I feel that all was hopeless . Compassion As a little girl , I would cry walking down the streets of Toronto because I did n't know how to help the homeless people . I began to feel like that little girl again , heartsick over people 's hardships . But there was one major difference : no longer did I feel that all was hopeless . Compassion There is fear and desperation in their empty eyes . They have no livelihood and no work and their growing children receive no education . Their daughters do not have much hope of finding suitable matches and they are not certain where the next meal would come from . Many women and children live in Gurdwar , Sikh place of worship relying on free kitchen Compassion There is fear and desperation in their empty eyes . They have no livelihood and no work and their growing children receive no education . Their daughters do not have much hope of finding suitable matches and they are not certain where the next meal would come from . Many women and children live in Gurdwar , Sikh place of worship relying on free kitchen Compassion There is fear and desperation in their empty eyes . They have no livelihood and no work and their growing children receive no education . Their daughters do not have much hope of finding suitable matches and they are not certain where the next meal would come from . Many women and children live in Gurdwar , Sikh place of worship relying on free kitchen Compassion There is fear and desperation in their empty eyes . They have no livelihood and no work and their growing children receive no education . Their daughters do not have much hope of finding suitable matches and they are not certain where the next meal would come from . Many women and children live in Gurdwar , Sikh place of worship relying on free kitchen Compassion There is fear and desperation in their empty eyes . They have no livelihood and no work and their growing children receive no education . Their daughters do not have much hope of finding suitable matches and they are not certain where the next meal would come from . Many women and children live in Gurdwar , Sikh place of worship relying on free kitchen Metaphors There is fear and desperation in their empty eyes . They have no livelihood and no work and their growing children receive no education . Their daughters do not have much hope of finding suitable matches and they are not certain where the next meal would come from . Many women and children live in Gurdwar , Sikh place of worship relying on free kitchen Compassion """ Initially I wanted the charity to be about helping Jamaicans on a whole , but I figured I would start where people are the worst off , which I believe are the homeless people , because they literally have nothing , but now since I have the other people on board , it is going to be more widely spread to education and general poverty , "" she said ." Compassion """ Initially I wanted the charity to be about helping Jamaicans on a whole , but I figured I would start where people are the worst off , which I believe are the homeless people , because they literally have nothing , but now since I have the other people on board , it is going to be more widely spread to education and general poverty , "" she said ." Compassion The hopelessness , dejection and frustration by a teary Betty Kaveke summed up the despondency around Gikomba on this tragic morning of a June Thursday . East Africa 's ' supermarket ' of second-hand clothes was once again grieving . A dawn fire , had once more visited the sleeping residents gutting property worth millions . Compassion The hopelessness , dejection and frustration by a teary Betty Kaveke summed up the despondency around Gikomba on this tragic morning of a June Thursday . East Africa 's ' supermarket ' of second-hand clothes was once again grieving . A dawn fire , had once more visited the sleeping residents gutting property worth millions . Metaphors The hopelessness , dejection and frustration by a teary Betty Kaveke summed up the despondency around Gikomba on this tragic morning of a June Thursday . East Africa 's ' supermarket ' of second-hand clothes was once again grieving . A dawn fire , had once more visited the sleeping residents gutting property worth millions . Compassion The hopelessness , dejection and frustration by a teary Betty Kaveke summed up the despondency around Gikomba on this tragic morning of a June Thursday . East Africa 's ' supermarket ' of second-hand clothes was once again grieving . A dawn fire , had once more visited the sleeping residents gutting property worth millions . Metaphors The hopelessness , dejection and frustration by a teary Betty Kaveke summed up the despondency around Gikomba on this tragic morning of a June Thursday . East Africa 's ' supermarket ' of second-hand clothes was once again grieving . A dawn fire , had once more visited the sleeping residents gutting property worth millions . Metaphors He may well have depression and this may have led him to become so withdrawn , reclusive , lethargic , and trapped . Or his lifestyle and daily habits may have led to him becoming depressed and hopeless . Compassion He may well have depression and this may have led him to become so withdrawn , reclusive , lethargic , and trapped . Or his lifestyle and daily habits may have led to him becoming depressed and hopeless . Compassion News <h> From homeless to hopeful <h> Portland 's indigent get a roof over their heads Compassion News <h> From homeless to hopeful <h> Portland 's indigent get a roof over their heads Metaphors In general , people live inside their own bubble . People who move to a new country , especially refugees and asylum seekers , are forced to leave this bubble . This can make them feel very anxious , very traumatised -- like a fish leaving water . Compassion In general , people live inside their own bubble . People who move to a new country , especially refugees and asylum seekers , are forced to leave this bubble . This can make them feel very anxious , very traumatised -- like a fish leaving water . Metaphors "In his remarks , the USAID Deputy Administrator , Alfonso Lenhardt , said : "" Having served as the U.S Ambassador to Tanzania , I have seen how improving access to electricity can empower vulnerable communities to escape from the cycle of extreme poverty . """ Metaphors "In his remarks , the USAID Deputy Administrator , Alfonso Lenhardt , said : "" Having served as the U.S Ambassador to Tanzania , I have seen how improving access to electricity can empower vulnerable communities to escape from the cycle of extreme poverty . """ Compassion """ What is at stake is nothing less than the survival and wellbeing of a generation of innocents , "" Antonio Guterres , the UN high commissioner for refugees ." Compassion At a ceremony held in Accra , she said the presence of disable persons begging on the streets and the absence of ambulance to aid in the transfer of patients in need of critical help , moved her to donate the items . Compassion At a ceremony held in Accra , she said the presence of disable persons begging on the streets and the absence of ambulance to aid in the transfer of patients in need of critical help , moved her to donate the items . Compassion "With the spotlight on her at the UN , the prime minister started her speech by saying : "" This is the 14th time I am addressing the UN General Assembly . And this time I have come here with a heavy heart . I have come here just after seeing the hungry , distressed and hopeless Rohingyas from Myanmar who took shelter in Cox 's Bazar , Bangladesh . """ Compassion However , and most importantly , it should be a moment for all partners to embrace the OGP platform to fundamentally change how we design and deliver essential public services for those most in need of government support -- for their survival and dignity . Compassion In a new joint The Hollywood Reporter interview , the couple reveals the Yazidi refugee is now thriving as a student at the University of Chicago after surviving a living hell in his homeland . Compassion In a new joint The Hollywood Reporter interview , the couple reveals the Yazidi refugee is now thriving as a student at the University of Chicago after surviving a living hell in his homeland . Metaphors The spirit the Rwandese have shown to accommodate the people , almost a tribe in their tiny country with approximately 19 million people with meager resources just like any other third world country , without planning to ditch them in refugee camps , but offer them to live just like any other citizen should actually be emulated in the human race . The_poorer_the_merrier Rio 2016 produced many memorable moments . The inclusion of a refugee team was a first -- and a great initiative ; swimmers like Yusra Mardini and Ramis Anis may not have won medals but they certainly seemed to have won the hearts of spectators . Then there was the magic of 19-year old American Simone Biles ' gymnastics and the thrill of the track as Usain Bolt flew over the finish line -- again . Sporting heroes bowed out from the Olympic stage , young competitors stepped forward with thrilling performances . Compassion As the Gillard government 's proposed ' ' Malaysia solution ' ' and refugee swap deal inches closer to official ratification , with reports a draft agreement has been reached , more than 400 suspected asylum seekers are awaiting their fate on the small island , placing a strain on the already severely stretched infrastructure . Compassion After being hit by a burst of pellets in his face , twenty-year-old Omar Altaf of Islamabad from South Kashmir is disabled forever . He has lost the vision in his left eye while his right eye has faint sight . His blaring eyes are witness to the mayhem he saw on roads when Indian forces fired pellets . Compassion After being hit by a burst of pellets in his face , twenty-year-old Omar Altaf of Islamabad from South Kashmir is disabled forever . He has lost the vision in his left eye while his right eye has faint sight . His blaring eyes are witness to the mayhem he saw on roads when Indian forces fired pellets . Compassion AVC : Could you relate to that kind of hopelessness and despair ? Compassion I find it ironic to believe that in a well developed country like the U.K child benefits is offered to every child plus free education , school trips . Ghana on the other hand , an under developed country has no child benefits system for its children , or housing benefit and I write some children to date are being educated under the trees in this 21st century Ghana . For example , the child benefit was introduced in Britain in 1798 and later stopped but reintroduced in 1909 . How could our system help poor families to help with Ghana economy ? What is stopping Ghana in addressing poverty within families and emulating this forward thinking attributes of British in eradicate child poverty . This approach from make a difference and give children and families a better chance in life . Metaphors I find it ironic to believe that in a well developed country like the U.K child benefits is offered to every child plus free education , school trips . Ghana on the other hand , an under developed country has no child benefits system for its children , or housing benefit and I write some children to date are being educated under the trees in this 21st century Ghana . For example , the child benefit was introduced in Britain in 1798 and later stopped but reintroduced in 1909 . How could our system help poor families to help with Ghana economy ? What is stopping Ghana in addressing poverty within families and emulating this forward thinking attributes of British in eradicate child poverty . This approach from make a difference and give children and families a better chance in life . Metaphors "During a meeting with PEEF scholars on Wednesday , he said that talented and hardworking students showing good performance in educational field were pride of the nation . "" It is a fact that the dream of progress and prosperity can not be realized without equipping the new generation with modern knowledge . While children of the elite can get admission in prestigious educational institutions anywhere in the world , brilliant children of poor families who have a thirst for knowledge should also have opportunities of quality education , "" he CM assured ." Metaphors "According to the US Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) , "" suicidal experiences are about overwhelming emotional pain where one feels trapped , alone and hopeless . It is not their life that they wish to extinguish ; it is this pain they want to kill "" ." Compassion He described the life of young Muslims in the district as hopeless , with many feeling stateless and confronting unemployment rates well above the national average . Most of his friends , he said , had done jail time . Compassion "But it 's really not that incredible any more , is it ? This is the same government that considers every shell-shocked Gazan child and every desperate Syrian refugee clinging to a rubber raft to be a potential terrorist . This is the same prime minister who lied shamelessly to Canadians during last week 's debate when he claimed the the Liberals and New Democrats "" would have had , in the last two weeks , us throwing open our borders and literally hundreds of thousands of people coming without any kind of security check or documentation . """ Compassion """ Research conducted by Unicef in 2013 found that the number of disabled children in child and youth care centres is three times that of our general childhood population in South Africa . Not only are these children abandoned , they must contend with a disability or disorder that will impact them for the rest of their lives , "" noted Blackie ." Compassion Youth belonging to poor families need to be equipped with the skill and provided with opportunities to improve their life conditions , instead of being bestowed with freebies which amount to make them walk with begging bowl all the time and life long . Metaphors Youth belonging to poor families need to be equipped with the skill and provided with opportunities to improve their life conditions , instead of being bestowed with freebies which amount to make them walk with begging bowl all the time and life long . Compassion "I wanted to humanise personal stories hoping people would take notice of the breadth and complexity of children seeking refuge . I was totally committed to taking every chance to put a human face to children refugees and to deliver a fresh and unique photography . """ Compassion The first point worth mentioning is low levels of living , characterized by low incomes , inequality , poor health and inadequate education . In developing countries , the levels of living tend to be very low for the vast majority of people . These low levels of living are manifested quantitatively and qualitatively in the form of low life and work expectancies , high infant mortality rate and in many cases a general sense of malaise and hopelessness . Compassion "Many of us struggle with a particular behavior or trait we just ca n't seem to kick , even though we know it does n't please God . These weaknesses can leave us feeling defeated , hopeless , and full of despair . But there 's hope ! The transforming power of the Holy Spirit is still available today . Once we surrender our hearts to Christ , Romans 8:9 says that "" we are not controlled by our sinful nature . """ Compassion "Many of us struggle with a particular behavior or trait we just ca n't seem to kick , even though we know it does n't please God . These weaknesses can leave us feeling defeated , hopeless , and full of despair . But there 's hope ! The transforming power of the Holy Spirit is still available today . Once we surrender our hearts to Christ , Romans 8:9 says that "" we are not controlled by our sinful nature . """ Compassion "12 . CHRIS HIPKINS ( Labour -- Rimutaka ) to the Minister of Education : Why does she accept some responsibility as Minister of Education for Hon Bill English 's statement that a lot of Kiwis are "" pretty damned hopeless "" and "" they ca n't read and write properly "" ?" Compassion Speaking to Africa Review , he also pointed out that majority of these children come from very poor families with no permanent level of income since most of their parents are casual labourers who earn peanuts . Metaphors Speaking to Africa Review , he also pointed out that majority of these children come from very poor families with no permanent level of income since most of their parents are casual labourers who earn peanuts . Compassion What is the basis for the conflict in our nation ? Are we to end up like some of our neighboring countries forever at war , displaced with stagnant economies , tremendous psychological trauma , malnutrition , and rising death tolls ? Have you seen how our fellow African refugees are treated ? Compassion What is the basis for the conflict in our nation ? Are we to end up like some of our neighboring countries forever at war , displaced with stagnant economies , tremendous psychological trauma , malnutrition , and rising death tolls ? Have you seen how our fellow African refugees are treated ? Compassion The Drop In Centre in Eruera Street needs urgent permission to also serve as an Over Night Shelter until other options are ready , according to the Rotorua District Residents and Ratepayers Association , so that the homeless currently sleeping rough survive the winter . Metaphors "Yet they find a reason to keep their wealth out of reach . They see hunger , gory poverty , decadence , death and hopelessness around them all the time , yet all they do is , keep so much away from humanity . It is honourable to be rich but it is even more honourable to be generous , let alone fair . Like the old Bible says , "" to whom much is given much is expected . """ Compassion It is understandable to want to protect one 's home and family from the conflict , but we must rally together as humans , understanding that we have a responsibility to help the world 's most vulnerable to survive and rebuild their lives . There are hundreds of thousands of refugees who want nothing more than a safe place for themselves and their families . They travel under incredibly dangerous circumstances to avoid having to live in places ravaged by war and terror . Their suffering is something that we should all understand . The countries neighboring Syria such as Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Iraq have already taken in millions of people and can take no more . Metaphors It is understandable to want to protect one 's home and family from the conflict , but we must rally together as humans , understanding that we have a responsibility to help the world 's most vulnerable to survive and rebuild their lives . There are hundreds of thousands of refugees who want nothing more than a safe place for themselves and their families . They travel under incredibly dangerous circumstances to avoid having to live in places ravaged by war and terror . Their suffering is something that we should all understand . The countries neighboring Syria such as Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Iraq have already taken in millions of people and can take no more . Compassion It is understandable to want to protect one 's home and family from the conflict , but we must rally together as humans , understanding that we have a responsibility to help the world 's most vulnerable to survive and rebuild their lives . There are hundreds of thousands of refugees who want nothing more than a safe place for themselves and their families . They travel under incredibly dangerous circumstances to avoid having to live in places ravaged by war and terror . Their suffering is something that we should all understand . The countries neighboring Syria such as Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Iraq have already taken in millions of people and can take no more . Compassion """ Many children from poor families and working class households have struggled to gain entry into universities because their parents could not pay the fees . So if you come from a poor family you are condemned forever ? to remain an inferior person ? "" he said ." Compassion """ Many children from poor families and working class households have struggled to gain entry into universities because their parents could not pay the fees . So if you come from a poor family you are condemned forever ? to remain an inferior person ? "" he said ." Metaphors They could do so by supporting the construction of schools , health facilities and other social amenities for use by their neighbours . That would be an excellent way of complementing the government 's efforts in uplifting the welfare of our people , most of whom live below the poverty line and are badly in need of assistance aimed at adding meaning to their lives . Metaphors They could do so by supporting the construction of schools , health facilities and other social amenities for use by their neighbours . That would be an excellent way of complementing the government 's efforts in uplifting the welfare of our people , most of whom live below the poverty line and are badly in need of assistance aimed at adding meaning to their lives . Compassion They could do so by supporting the construction of schools , health facilities and other social amenities for use by their neighbours . That would be an excellent way of complementing the government 's efforts in uplifting the welfare of our people , most of whom live below the poverty line and are badly in need of assistance aimed at adding meaning to their lives . Metaphors """ By donating blood , many lives are saved and hope is given to many whose situation might otherwise be hopeless ." Compassion Daily discrimination facing the disabled in everyday life <h> I hope to be the Rosa Parks of the disabled community <h> Get daily news by email Metaphors We also show our love for God when we open our homes and places to those who have nowhere to stay and share our food and water with the hungry and the thirsty . We also show our love for Him when we visit the sick and give comfort and hope as well as to visit the prisoners to console and to assure them of the grace of conversion . When we offer willingly our time and commitment at the service of those who are in need , especially the suffering and the deprived , that is love . Compassion Christmas and new year are upon us , and families across Nigeria will come together to celebrate . But for millions of poor families , they will celebrate both occasions with hunger , fear , and uncertainty . Metaphors Christmas and new year are upon us , and families across Nigeria will come together to celebrate . But for millions of poor families , they will celebrate both occasions with hunger , fear , and uncertainty . Compassion He said he felt fulfilled celebrating the day with them , believing that such a development would instill hope in the hopeless . Compassion The coming fury of angry America is as palpable as it is silent . What will that tiny part of a tiny part of the earth 's population do when the utter hopelessness of the situation washes over them and the tides of history curl around and bear them , inexorably , into the past ? Metaphors The coming fury of angry America is as palpable as it is silent . What will that tiny part of a tiny part of the earth 's population do when the utter hopelessness of the situation washes over them and the tides of history curl around and bear them , inexorably , into the past ? Compassion The coming fury of angry America is as palpable as it is silent . What will that tiny part of a tiny part of the earth 's population do when the utter hopelessness of the situation washes over them and the tides of history curl around and bear them , inexorably , into the past ? Metaphors The coming fury of angry America is as palpable as it is silent . What will that tiny part of a tiny part of the earth 's population do when the utter hopelessness of the situation washes over them and the tides of history curl around and bear them , inexorably , into the past ? Metaphors OCN has always been brave in showing real stories even if it borders to horrifying scenes . I swear those school rascals made me feel hopeless about the disappointing bullying situation happening with the youth these days . *sigh The vulnerable heroine is set to endure darker days in the future . With those maniacal villains leering at her like a prey , I might end up saving her if those four country bumpkins will not . *grins Now we have to wait and see how the plot will work by tapping these high school boys as heroes of the story . Compassion OCN has always been brave in showing real stories even if it borders to horrifying scenes . I swear those school rascals made me feel hopeless about the disappointing bullying situation happening with the youth these days . *sigh The vulnerable heroine is set to endure darker days in the future . With those maniacal villains leering at her like a prey , I might end up saving her if those four country bumpkins will not . *grins Now we have to wait and see how the plot will work by tapping these high school boys as heroes of the story . Metaphors OCN has always been brave in showing real stories even if it borders to horrifying scenes . I swear those school rascals made me feel hopeless about the disappointing bullying situation happening with the youth these days . *sigh The vulnerable heroine is set to endure darker days in the future . With those maniacal villains leering at her like a prey , I might end up saving her if those four country bumpkins will not . *grins Now we have to wait and see how the plot will work by tapping these high school boys as heroes of the story . Compassion OCN has always been brave in showing real stories even if it borders to horrifying scenes . I swear those school rascals made me feel hopeless about the disappointing bullying situation happening with the youth these days . *sigh The vulnerable heroine is set to endure darker days in the future . With those maniacal villains leering at her like a prey , I might end up saving her if those four country bumpkins will not . *grins Now we have to wait and see how the plot will work by tapping these high school boys as heroes of the story . Compassion You do n't need to argue about the security of former President see what 's happening today as most of the people are suffering from floods and are homeless and their belongings are destroyed and help those people who in need of this hour you bloody fool minister . Compassion In his view , Professor George Gongera , an expert in human resource development and macroeconomics , rural areas are also fertile grounds for recruitment due to high levels of poverty , disillusionment and hopelessness . Compassion Ciera Dunlap , 25 , has spent much of her life caught in the throes of uncertainty , as a homeless youth and living without a guardian in Baltimore City . Compassion Ciera Dunlap , 25 , has spent much of her life caught in the throes of uncertainty , as a homeless youth and living without a guardian in Baltimore City . Metaphors In Canada , where Christy recently completed school , she made an impact by spreading love on the streets on Christmas day , providing winter coats , gloves and providing support to homeless people at the mercy of the weather . Compassion "Pointing to the Holy Year of Mercy , the Pope stressed that together with the Church , the group would be able to better respond to the "" human tragedy "" of refugees through concrete acts of mercy which promote their integration not only into Europe , but any culture they move to ." Compassion A new generation of the hopeless . Compassion She decided to be the hope for the hopeless and home for the homeless . Metaphors Wall of kindness to provide for the homeless in city Compassion Wall of kindness to provide for the homeless in city Metaphors They admit that they were powerless over their addiction -- that their lives had become unmanageable and hopeless . Compassion "At Davos , the World Economic Forum dedicated this year to cultivate "" responsive "" and "" responsible "" leadership in a world largely lacking both . This mission obviously refers to domestic/national leaders , who must now serve as the bastion of bringing a torn and submerging planet from disaster , whether caused by over-adrenalised presidents and prime ministers , or environmental decay , damage , and neglect , or something else . Clearly , many would be needed , for example , to heal the Syrian scars , home the burgeoning refugee/migrant influxes , and heed the U.N . SDG ( Sustainable Development Goals ) mandate to uplift the deprived , minorities , unschooled children , other suppressed women , and so forth ." Metaphors "At Davos , the World Economic Forum dedicated this year to cultivate "" responsive "" and "" responsible "" leadership in a world largely lacking both . This mission obviously refers to domestic/national leaders , who must now serve as the bastion of bringing a torn and submerging planet from disaster , whether caused by over-adrenalised presidents and prime ministers , or environmental decay , damage , and neglect , or something else . Clearly , many would be needed , for example , to heal the Syrian scars , home the burgeoning refugee/migrant influxes , and heed the U.N . SDG ( Sustainable Development Goals ) mandate to uplift the deprived , minorities , unschooled children , other suppressed women , and so forth ." Metaphors So , it is the poor , mostly Muslim countries which are helping the refugees and the displaced poor . If we think we are going to gain eternal life without passing the test that Jesus of Nazareth gives to end hunger , release innocent prisoners , cloth the naked and feed the hungry ( Matthew 25 ) and work for justice and love of neighbor -- we are mistaken . What greater way is there to live than to live for others and not for self . Compassion """ We understand that every dollar counts for these families . As such , we are retailing the MediCards at FairPrice Shops which cater to the budget conscious and are partnering with GP clinics near their vicinity to provide greater convenience and accessibility to those in need . "" <h> Follow ST <h> The Straits Times" Compassion Who blame for this issue ? ? The system itself or people ? Must be the people 's fault for being refugees or being poor , instead born being in the right country . Compassion According to Okine , he is often touched by the problems and situations of destitute children , and as the Christmas and New Year is being celebrated , he taught it wise to share with the deprived and homeless . Compassion Kano disabled farmers move from begging to bagging Compassion """ For the kids , it shows that someone loves them and cares about them to follow up , "" Principal Sherrie Gahn told the Las Vegas Sun after the taping . "" When you live in an existence where everything seems so hopeless , it 's an amazing gift they will never forget . It 's beyond their wildest dreams . """ Compassion This is why I believe children from poor families must be supported . After all , the students are 100 percent correct -- education is the only tool that will take them out of the curse of poverty . Metaphors This is why I believe children from poor families must be supported . After all , the students are 100 percent correct -- education is the only tool that will take them out of the curse of poverty . Compassion This is why I believe children from poor families must be supported . After all , the students are 100 percent correct -- education is the only tool that will take them out of the curse of poverty . Metaphors "SM Hassan Siddiquee Pope Francis has proclaimed Mother Teresa of Kolkata a saint , hailing her as the personification of maternal love and a powerful advocate for the poor . Queen Sofia of Spain and some 1,500 homeless people also looked on as Pope Francis described Saint Teresa 's work in the slums of the Indian Metropolis as "" eloquent witness to God 's closeness to the poorest of the poor . "" There has been debates and controversies over Saint Teresa 's legacy since she ..." Compassion "Speaking about the launch , basketball star and Her.ie Sportswomen of the Year 2014 Gr ? inne Dwyer stated : "" I got involved because promoting women in sport and giving them every opportunity possible to perform at the highest level is something close to my heart ." Metaphors The vast southern borders of Libya are used as a crossing point for illegal immigrants desperate to reach Europe , due to poor security conditions in the region . Compassion Whenever the term ' disabled ' is mentioned , it becomes the general perception that one is completely crippled or bedridden , and dis-abled are judged as being completely hopeless and unable to fend for themselves . Disability is known to be caused by impairments of several subsystems of the human body . Disabled people can suffer from visual impairment , physical impairment , intellectual impairment , mental illness and other several types of chronic disease . Compassion The fighting raged among the flames : Dazed , starving Jerusalemites wandered lost and distressed through the burning portals . Thousands of civilians and rebels mustered on the steps of the altar , waiting to fight to the last or just die hopelessly . All had their throats cut by the exhilarated Romans as though it were a mass human sacrifice . Ten thousand Jews died in the burning Temple . Compassion """ As one reporter said , and pointed out rightly , you can find your phone in the back of the taxi with an app , so how do you lose a plane ? Are they actually telling us everything ? I 'm starting get a angry about the whole process and I ca n't imagine those poor families in Beijing , they 're now on unfamiliar territory and getting nothing . """ Compassion For many patients in need of organ transplants , life is a waiting game waiting for the call that will change their lives and possibly give them a better and longer lifespan . Metaphors In a mass marriage ceremony organized here , 10 couples from poor families tied nuptial knots on Friday . The ceremony organized by a socio-cultural organization ? Utkaliya Lagono Ustav Samhua , was indeed a dream come true for young men and women who could not afford the expenses of a marriage ceremony . Metaphors Six-year-old Sandra moved to the capital city , Abuja with her family . She has four siblings and her father is a taxi driver , while her mother fries and sells akara outside the uncompleted building they live in . Her father had learned that there was money in the thriving taxi business in the capital city and they had left their village in search of greener pastures , only that it did not seem so green here , in the decrepit looking building where she and her siblings are left vulnerable each day as their parents step out the door to make a living . Metaphors Six-year-old Sandra moved to the capital city , Abuja with her family . She has four siblings and her father is a taxi driver , while her mother fries and sells akara outside the uncompleted building they live in . Her father had learned that there was money in the thriving taxi business in the capital city and they had left their village in search of greener pastures , only that it did not seem so green here , in the decrepit looking building where she and her siblings are left vulnerable each day as their parents step out the door to make a living . Metaphors Six-year-old Sandra moved to the capital city , Abuja with her family . She has four siblings and her father is a taxi driver , while her mother fries and sells akara outside the uncompleted building they live in . Her father had learned that there was money in the thriving taxi business in the capital city and they had left their village in search of greener pastures , only that it did not seem so green here , in the decrepit looking building where she and her siblings are left vulnerable each day as their parents step out the door to make a living . Metaphors Six-year-old Sandra moved to the capital city , Abuja with her family . She has four siblings and her father is a taxi driver , while her mother fries and sells akara outside the uncompleted building they live in . Her father had learned that there was money in the thriving taxi business in the capital city and they had left their village in search of greener pastures , only that it did not seem so green here , in the decrepit looking building where she and her siblings are left vulnerable each day as their parents step out the door to make a living . Compassion """ He must have thought : ' I do n't want to do this anymore ' . "" Isaac was a child beaten down and feeling hopeless ." Compassion Poverty has caused thousands of Jamaicans to be living on the streets . They rely on the mercy of passers-by for ' bread ' , while the hard sidewalk they make their bed . It is estimated that more than 100,000 homeless persons live on the streets in Jamaica . Metaphors Poverty has caused thousands of Jamaicans to be living on the streets . They rely on the mercy of passers-by for ' bread ' , while the hard sidewalk they make their bed . It is estimated that more than 100,000 homeless persons live on the streets in Jamaica . Compassion It was about noon . The heat from the afternoon sun baked Oshodi with intensity , and perspiration ran down the cheeks of the folks plying their trade in the chaotic commercial environment . A young teenager sat on a fence close to the main road . At that particular time , a good number of his peers would be in school . But he was inside the scorching sun , trying to eke out a living . He eagerly hoped to see a commercial driver that would hire his services for that day . Meet Seun Fola ? jin , a 17-year-old homeless teenager who has been living underneath the bridge at Oshodi since 2011 . Compassion BEIRUT , Lebanon - Film star and UN special envoy Angelina Jolie said on Wednesday she was moved at how Lebanese families were opening their homes to Syria refugees , after Beirut ruled out setting up camps for them . The_poorer_the_merrier Two homeless people at a temporary shelter in London last December ( Photo : Getty ) <h> ' We can not allow struggling families to slip through the cracks created by our housing crisis ' Metaphors """ We just could n't believe it was such a circus , "" Derewianchuk said of a previous zoning hearing last month . "" Who said just because you 're disabled you have to live in a dive ? Why ca n't they live in a nice home ?" Compassion """ We just could n't believe it was such a circus , "" Derewianchuk said of a previous zoning hearing last month . "" Who said just because you 're disabled you have to live in a dive ? Why ca n't they live in a nice home ?" Compassion At the root of this issue there is a fundamental question -- how do the not-very-intelligent survive in an information-based free-market economy ? Until the Left deals with that in an honest , non-PC way , they 'll continue to fail the vulnerable . Compassion They earn an average of Rs 12,000 per month -- they 're not ' highly paid ' by any standards . But the employees of Ashwini Hospital in Kerala 's Thrissur have hearts much larger than their paychecks . The employees ' association of the hospital has started an initiative called ' Zest of Life ' , through which they have built of a house for a tribal family , funded dialysis for scores of patients , and are even providing groceries to poor families every month . The_poorer_the_merrier The Archdioceses of Cebu and Vancouver in Canada hosted the ' Table of Hope ' banquet on Saturday ( January 23 ) , where poor families were also given bags containing canned sardines , one kilo of rice , and a bottle of water . Compassion """ There are people who are struggling to make ends meet and it just seems ironic that in a country like Australia where we are so blessed with so much land and so much fertile country that we 're not able to get the food to people in need . "" <h> Feeding Sydney 's west" Compassion Muniba 's was n't an easy journey and yet she challenged norms and mindset and changed her adversity to an opportunity . In December last year she was named Pakistan 's first female national goodwill ambassador for gender equality and women 's empowerment by the UN and she is an active speaker for the rights of disabled people in Pakistan . In fact , she was also the first wheel chair bound model to campaign for Toni &amp; Guy Pakistan and is also brand ambassador for The Body Shop Pakistan . But above all , Muniba is a loving mother fulfilling all her responsibilities to tee . Clearly , there is no stopping her . The_poorer_the_merrier Muniba 's was n't an easy journey and yet she challenged norms and mindset and changed her adversity to an opportunity . In December last year she was named Pakistan 's first female national goodwill ambassador for gender equality and women 's empowerment by the UN and she is an active speaker for the rights of disabled people in Pakistan . In fact , she was also the first wheel chair bound model to campaign for Toni &amp; Guy Pakistan and is also brand ambassador for The Body Shop Pakistan . But above all , Muniba is a loving mother fulfilling all her responsibilities to tee . Clearly , there is no stopping her . The_poorer_the_merrier Practical ways to open the doors wider for our disabled Metaphors If that were not the case , many Kenyans would still not be existing in conditions far worse than those their forefathers fought the colonialists : They are poor and hopeless . Compassion "Even people with disabily have the rights to be beautiful . Just like other women , Mee Eng loves dressing up nicely and going for shopping trips . Due to atrophy in both of her legs , she is required to wear shoes which are custom-made but in order to make it possible for her to wear different kinds of trendy shoes , she "" modifies "" them herself by inserting shoe pads made from paper slippers into regular shoes ." The_poorer_the_merrier A lot of my disabled patients over the years have gained strength and hope from me when they see that I also have a disability , but that I 'm coping . Sometimes the biggest gift I can give other people with disabilities is to show them that you can get a job . The_poorer_the_merrier Can ? ? ? t help if people want to flee a beggar country and take up citizenship of a good country so that their children become educated . If they live in hopeless for ever Sri Lanka they will end up as maids and servants in prosperous India and China Compassion A few kilometres past Eldoret , we drove past hundreds , perhaps thousands , of unwashed , hungry and disheveled refugees milling aimlessly around a small shopping centre , hopelessness and fear etched on their faces . They were running away from death ; running off to nowhere . Metaphors A few kilometres past Eldoret , we drove past hundreds , perhaps thousands , of unwashed , hungry and disheveled refugees milling aimlessly around a small shopping centre , hopelessness and fear etched on their faces . They were running away from death ; running off to nowhere . Compassion A few kilometres past Eldoret , we drove past hundreds , perhaps thousands , of unwashed , hungry and disheveled refugees milling aimlessly around a small shopping centre , hopelessness and fear etched on their faces . They were running away from death ; running off to nowhere . Compassion A few kilometres past Eldoret , we drove past hundreds , perhaps thousands , of unwashed , hungry and disheveled refugees milling aimlessly around a small shopping centre , hopelessness and fear etched on their faces . They were running away from death ; running off to nowhere . Metaphors So let us continue on that road , oppose Tory heartlessness and make sure our streets are n't populated by the hopeless , the helpless and the tragically addicted . <h> Value our free and unique service ? Compassion Columns <h> Prison : The birthplace of hopelessness Metaphors Columns <h> Prison : The birthplace of hopelessness Compassion """ Clear evidence of outstanding miraculous occurrences began to arise . The lame began to walk , hopeless cancer patients were lifted from despair ..." Compassion """ Clear evidence of outstanding miraculous occurrences began to arise . The lame began to walk , hopeless cancer patients were lifted from despair ..." Metaphors "This movie gets a lot of slack , from a clunky script to horrific accents , but it 's an Irish immigration story that is second only to "" Gang of New York . "" It shows the cruelty and injustices that faced Irish immigrants in the cold new world and their struggle for a better life ." Compassion 18 . It is the supreme task of this generation to give hope to the hopeless , strength to the weak and protection to the defenceless . Metaphors Lady identified as Bonnie Monroe revealed that she was having dinner with her children at a restaurant in Georgia when a homeless man walked begging from table to table but he was chased away . He gave up and left the restaurant but Monroe claimed that God immediately spoke to her not to let him go so she went after him . Compassion "The tour of projects saw editors and the Governor trekking over several kilometres . It was a show of popularity as residents of the various communities and parts of the Port Harcourt metropolis visited trooped out to hail and catch a glimpse of the man they fondly called "" Our Governor "" . If democracy is about connecting with the people and lifting their status through development , Wike has etched his name on the boulders of history . He was welcomed everywhere as the man who connected the disconnected people through roads and bridges ; as the leader who comforted the broken-hearted , the pensioners , the artisans , the civil servants and much more as the man who gave hope to the hopeless hoi-polloi ." Compassion "The tour of projects saw editors and the Governor trekking over several kilometres . It was a show of popularity as residents of the various communities and parts of the Port Harcourt metropolis visited trooped out to hail and catch a glimpse of the man they fondly called "" Our Governor "" . If democracy is about connecting with the people and lifting their status through development , Wike has etched his name on the boulders of history . He was welcomed everywhere as the man who connected the disconnected people through roads and bridges ; as the leader who comforted the broken-hearted , the pensioners , the artisans , the civil servants and much more as the man who gave hope to the hopeless hoi-polloi ." Compassion The only force capable of stopping them is the poverty-stricken 99% below . But in their poverty , they are Hausa , Yoruba , Igbo , Ijaw , Igbira , Tiv , Idoma ; in their hopelessness , they are Moslems and Christians , too ignorant to understand that those divisions do n't exist in the class above their heads . Compassion Many words have been written and said about the Mercy Sisters and their contribution at Alpha . I recall the 1970s , when I worked with the Community Enterprise Organisation -- a public sector company dedicated to the establishment of co-operatives in communities -- there was an agricultural and fishing project at Pagee Beach at Port Maria in St Mary , which was being run by a reformed ' bad man ' , now deceased . True , Alpha could not reform everyone who went there , but sometimes there was a ray of light , even among those that seemed hopeless . Compassion Many words have been written and said about the Mercy Sisters and their contribution at Alpha . I recall the 1970s , when I worked with the Community Enterprise Organisation -- a public sector company dedicated to the establishment of co-operatives in communities -- there was an agricultural and fishing project at Pagee Beach at Port Maria in St Mary , which was being run by a reformed ' bad man ' , now deceased . True , Alpha could not reform everyone who went there , but sometimes there was a ray of light , even among those that seemed hopeless . Metaphors Imagine being a homeless person , walking the streets of downtown Calgary on bitterly cold evenings . Compassion World governments gathered at the United Nations adopted a political declaration that calls for upholding the dignity of refugees . <h> ADVERTISEMENT Metaphors "to make a valuable contribution to the health sector with the support of our sponsors who , through their contributions help us to touch the lives of some of the most vulnerable in need of medical care , "" said Fong Kong ." Metaphors Mushatt 's has a rich history in Ireland where it helped thousands of poor families overcome ailments that beset them during the tenement days of poverty . Compassion "Homeless children are "" living like refugees in their own country "" , deprived of the ability to make choices about when they eat , and in many cases suffering high levels of anxiety about their parents ' health ." Compassion "Homeless children are "" living like refugees in their own country "" , deprived of the ability to make choices about when they eat , and in many cases suffering high levels of anxiety about their parents ' health ." Metaphors "Homeless children are "" living like refugees in their own country "" , deprived of the ability to make choices about when they eat , and in many cases suffering high levels of anxiety about their parents ' health ." Compassion Remarkable too are the ways in which a childhood spent in Pakistan forced one to dispense with fatalistic views of the world and hopeless imaginations of the future . Lifetimes are spent under skies dotted with flying bullets , with threats to kidnap loved ones , and in the thick of crowded markets that unexpectedly explode . Even amid the looming dangers , we knew there were other lives to be lived . And so we went on , fiercely living -- despite the noise in the background . Compassion Remarkable too are the ways in which a childhood spent in Pakistan forced one to dispense with fatalistic views of the world and hopeless imaginations of the future . Lifetimes are spent under skies dotted with flying bullets , with threats to kidnap loved ones , and in the thick of crowded markets that unexpectedly explode . Even amid the looming dangers , we knew there were other lives to be lived . And so we went on , fiercely living -- despite the noise in the background . Compassion Remarkable too are the ways in which a childhood spent in Pakistan forced one to dispense with fatalistic views of the world and hopeless imaginations of the future . Lifetimes are spent under skies dotted with flying bullets , with threats to kidnap loved ones , and in the thick of crowded markets that unexpectedly explode . Even amid the looming dangers , we knew there were other lives to be lived . And so we went on , fiercely living -- despite the noise in the background . The_poorer_the_merrier He noted that violence that can not be separated from poverty , and a hopeless , jobless , ill-educated and ill-paid young man is the most dangerous . Compassion This is an expression of the true Lasallian and Filipino love for the nation , Balayan director , Minmin Ponteras , said . He challenged the student , faculty , staff and administrator-volunteers to build the shelters with love and care for those in need . Compassion Inspiration that anything is possible . You can be born into a family that does n't have very much , but if you have the heart and the hard work then dreams can come true . People forget that this country gives you opportunities . Not every country has that , in fact many countries do n't . A lot of immigrants have that obstacle that they ca n't overcome in their head . I was raised by a single mom who worked as a maid . English is my second language , and I lived below the poverty line . You have to have hope and faith in yourself . Compassion Machakos Governor Alfred Mutua has said it is a shame for Ukambani residents to continue languishing in the ashes of poverty , neglect and hopelessness despite having certain local leaders in senior government positions in the past . Compassion "The New Nation Coalition ( NNC ) said yesterday it was "" commiserating with the majority of Jamaicans who are depressed , broke , confused and engulfed by feelings of hopelessness during what is being described as the worst Christmas in many years "" ." Compassion """ The senseless violence as well as the reign of terror by gangsters has destroyed the moral fibre of some of the communities that need to be freed from the cycle of violence and hopelessness , "" Sanco national spokesman Jabu Mahlangu said ." Compassion """ The senseless violence as well as the reign of terror by gangsters has destroyed the moral fibre of some of the communities that need to be freed from the cycle of violence and hopelessness , "" Sanco national spokesman Jabu Mahlangu said ." Metaphors She was only 26 at the time and looks like a trapped , wounded animal backed into a corner and staring straight down the barrel of a gun . The raw anguish she exudes in that picture emotes the harsh realities of heroin addiction as this truly vulnerable and broken soul cries out for help behind tear-filled eyes . Compassion She was only 26 at the time and looks like a trapped , wounded animal backed into a corner and staring straight down the barrel of a gun . The raw anguish she exudes in that picture emotes the harsh realities of heroin addiction as this truly vulnerable and broken soul cries out for help behind tear-filled eyes . Compassion She was only 26 at the time and looks like a trapped , wounded animal backed into a corner and staring straight down the barrel of a gun . The raw anguish she exudes in that picture emotes the harsh realities of heroin addiction as this truly vulnerable and broken soul cries out for help behind tear-filled eyes . Metaphors She was only 26 at the time and looks like a trapped , wounded animal backed into a corner and staring straight down the barrel of a gun . The raw anguish she exudes in that picture emotes the harsh realities of heroin addiction as this truly vulnerable and broken soul cries out for help behind tear-filled eyes . Metaphors """ There is no one who can tell immigrants they ca n't achieve a success that is rightfully theirs . Even if the goal is n't to get a degree , any other success for immigrants in this country is deserved and waiting for them to be grasped , "" says Jacqueline . "" All it takes is patience and the will to fight and move forward . No doubt in my mind any immigrant has that . """ The_poorer_the_merrier """ There is no one who can tell immigrants they ca n't achieve a success that is rightfully theirs . Even if the goal is n't to get a degree , any other success for immigrants in this country is deserved and waiting for them to be grasped , "" says Jacqueline . "" All it takes is patience and the will to fight and move forward . No doubt in my mind any immigrant has that . """ The_poorer_the_merrier Trump seeks $25 billion for border wall , offers ' Dreamer ' citizenship <h> President Donald Trump on Wednesday previewed his outline for an immigration bill that he will promote next week , saying he wants $25 billion ( 17.6 billion pounds ) to build a border wall and is open to granting citizenship to illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as children . Compassion This time McTell performs it with the Crisis Choir and guest vocalist Annie Lennox as part of a project to end homelessness . Crisis was formed 50 years ago as well and today operates 13 centres for over 4,000 homeless persons over Christmas . Compassion God is God Foundation ( GIG ) , a non-governmental organisation ( NGO ) , established five years ago , and caring for needy widows and orphans , was at the weekend inaugurated in Accra , with a call on Ghanaians to do more in caring for the vulnerable and underprivileged . Compassion """ The commitment of Christians in this field is as urgent today as in the past . Just look at the past century , we remember the wonderful figure of St. Frances Cabrini , who dedicated her life together with her companions to migrants to the United States of America . Today too we need similar witness so that mercy can reach many in need . It is a commitment that involves everyone , without exception . Dioceses , parishes , institutes of consecrated life , associations and movements , as well as individual Christians , we are called to welcome the brothers and sisters fleeing war , famine , violence and inhumane living conditions . All together we are a great strength of support for those who have lost home , family , work and dignity . """ Compassion """ The commitment of Christians in this field is as urgent today as in the past . Just look at the past century , we remember the wonderful figure of St. Frances Cabrini , who dedicated her life together with her companions to migrants to the United States of America . Today too we need similar witness so that mercy can reach many in need . It is a commitment that involves everyone , without exception . Dioceses , parishes , institutes of consecrated life , associations and movements , as well as individual Christians , we are called to welcome the brothers and sisters fleeing war , famine , violence and inhumane living conditions . All together we are a great strength of support for those who have lost home , family , work and dignity . """ Compassion """ The commitment of Christians in this field is as urgent today as in the past . Just look at the past century , we remember the wonderful figure of St. Frances Cabrini , who dedicated her life together with her companions to migrants to the United States of America . Today too we need similar witness so that mercy can reach many in need . It is a commitment that involves everyone , without exception . Dioceses , parishes , institutes of consecrated life , associations and movements , as well as individual Christians , we are called to welcome the brothers and sisters fleeing war , famine , violence and inhumane living conditions . All together we are a great strength of support for those who have lost home , family , work and dignity . """ Compassion Kate has also worked to help Liverpool 's homeless community by handing out gift boxes to women who are sleeping rough . Metaphors Hope Reins pairs rescued horses with kids in need <h> The faith-based organization offers equine counselors to children who have faced abuse and neglect Compassion For the willing and able men and women roaming on our streets in dire need of employment , for the children roaming the streets in our towns and villages due to unavailability of educational infrastructure , for the thousands of lives that are lost each day due to poor healthcare delivery , for the thousand more who go hungry and homeless on our streets , for all the lost dreams , and for the lives lost , this is our plea . Compassion For the willing and able men and women roaming on our streets in dire need of employment , for the children roaming the streets in our towns and villages due to unavailability of educational infrastructure , for the thousands of lives that are lost each day due to poor healthcare delivery , for the thousand more who go hungry and homeless on our streets , for all the lost dreams , and for the lives lost , this is our plea . Compassion For the willing and able men and women roaming on our streets in dire need of employment , for the children roaming the streets in our towns and villages due to unavailability of educational infrastructure , for the thousands of lives that are lost each day due to poor healthcare delivery , for the thousand more who go hungry and homeless on our streets , for all the lost dreams , and for the lives lost , this is our plea . Compassion For the willing and able men and women roaming on our streets in dire need of employment , for the children roaming the streets in our towns and villages due to unavailability of educational infrastructure , for the thousands of lives that are lost each day due to poor healthcare delivery , for the thousand more who go hungry and homeless on our streets , for all the lost dreams , and for the lives lost , this is our plea . Compassion For the willing and able men and women roaming on our streets in dire need of employment , for the children roaming the streets in our towns and villages due to unavailability of educational infrastructure , for the thousands of lives that are lost each day due to poor healthcare delivery , for the thousand more who go hungry and homeless on our streets , for all the lost dreams , and for the lives lost , this is our plea . Compassion The PCD act has the provision that a substitute decision-maker be named on your behalf if you have not previously formulated one . Do you want that decision to be put in the hands of a spouse , child or even parent , in the case of a disabled child , who may not see the value of a world of imperfection ? Someone who is estranged or who does not know your wishes ? Someone acting because they see you as a burden to them or society ? Metaphors The PCD act has the provision that a substitute decision-maker be named on your behalf if you have not previously formulated one . Do you want that decision to be put in the hands of a spouse , child or even parent , in the case of a disabled child , who may not see the value of a world of imperfection ? Someone who is estranged or who does not know your wishes ? Someone acting because they see you as a burden to them or society ? Compassion "The Phone Booth and Minority Report actor is a patron of the Irish Homeless Street Leagues - in his own words "" they provide provide an opportunity for those who are living without a roof over their head , or a warm bed to sleep in , to feel like they 're a part of a community , that they 're included and empowered in their lives "" - so his views on the issue of homelessness are just as valid as any expert or politician ." Compassion He would have found joy in spending time with the homeless children of Manila . The children , ubiquitous in the city as they beg for alms , unfortunately missed possibly the only chance in their life to receive papal blessings . Social welfare personnel spirited them away , considering the five-day papal visit a good time to introduce the homeless to dwellings with doors and sanitation facilities . Compassion "He reveals that Coach 's Corner host Ron MacLean ca n't pass by a busker or homeless person without opening up his wallet , and that the Winnipeg Jets launched a lawsuit against him after he said the team 's new assistant coach Alpo Suhonen 's first name sounded like "" dog food . """ Metaphors Battling homelessness through fashion is the business model of two Messiah College graduates who are donating some profits from their new clothing company to help people on the streets . Metaphors He could have also taken his condition to mean he must be disabled from seeking to live for others . He could have degenerated into self pity as many do , wallowing in the muddy fields of self-obsession and low self esteem . Yusuf did not ; everything was not about his immediate interests , but a social impact that touched even the lives of strangers who knew nothing about him or who will never even know . The_poorer_the_merrier He could have also taken his condition to mean he must be disabled from seeking to live for others . He could have degenerated into self pity as many do , wallowing in the muddy fields of self-obsession and low self esteem . Yusuf did not ; everything was not about his immediate interests , but a social impact that touched even the lives of strangers who knew nothing about him or who will never even know . The_poorer_the_merrier He could have also taken his condition to mean he must be disabled from seeking to live for others . He could have degenerated into self pity as many do , wallowing in the muddy fields of self-obsession and low self esteem . Yusuf did not ; everything was not about his immediate interests , but a social impact that touched even the lives of strangers who knew nothing about him or who will never even know . Compassion He could have also taken his condition to mean he must be disabled from seeking to live for others . He could have degenerated into self pity as many do , wallowing in the muddy fields of self-obsession and low self esteem . Yusuf did not ; everything was not about his immediate interests , but a social impact that touched even the lives of strangers who knew nothing about him or who will never even know . Metaphors He could have also taken his condition to mean he must be disabled from seeking to live for others . He could have degenerated into self pity as many do , wallowing in the muddy fields of self-obsession and low self esteem . Yusuf did not ; everything was not about his immediate interests , but a social impact that touched even the lives of strangers who knew nothing about him or who will never even know . Metaphors """ Every time you contribute to this Christmas Kettle drive , you are supporting a worthy cause . Every day they feed the poor , educate the ignorant , support the widows and orphans and minister to the sick , the helpless and the hopeless . Wo n't you join them with a willing heart and a generous hand ? "" Custos Corrodus appealed ." Compassion """ Every time you contribute to this Christmas Kettle drive , you are supporting a worthy cause . Every day they feed the poor , educate the ignorant , support the widows and orphans and minister to the sick , the helpless and the hopeless . Wo n't you join them with a willing heart and a generous hand ? "" Custos Corrodus appealed ." Metaphors Feel good food : Delete to Feed donates 11 meals to people in need for every food photograph posted to Instagram . ( Getty/Instagram ) Compassion """ It was a dream of a young immigrant who came to Australia with nothing but the intention to truly make a difference and I hope that work has made a real impact in many women 's lives . """ Compassion These are all examples close to home , but they are not unique , or in isolation . There are millions of maids out there who face the same ordeal faced by the maids I have personally come into contact with . These women are victims of their circumstances . Born in poor families , they are doomed to carry the legacy of their poverty all the way through to the furthest of their posterity . Compassion These are all examples close to home , but they are not unique , or in isolation . There are millions of maids out there who face the same ordeal faced by the maids I have personally come into contact with . These women are victims of their circumstances . Born in poor families , they are doomed to carry the legacy of their poverty all the way through to the furthest of their posterity . Compassion These are all examples close to home , but they are not unique , or in isolation . There are millions of maids out there who face the same ordeal faced by the maids I have personally come into contact with . These women are victims of their circumstances . Born in poor families , they are doomed to carry the legacy of their poverty all the way through to the furthest of their posterity . Metaphors These are all examples close to home , but they are not unique , or in isolation . There are millions of maids out there who face the same ordeal faced by the maids I have personally come into contact with . These women are victims of their circumstances . Born in poor families , they are doomed to carry the legacy of their poverty all the way through to the furthest of their posterity . Metaphors Their men were rounded up into Second World War-like Nazi concentration camps and starved and tortured to death and their dignity and self-respect was taken from them . They were turned into an internally-displaced people and their land was transformed into a sea of desperate and suffering refugees . Compassion Their men were rounded up into Second World War-like Nazi concentration camps and starved and tortured to death and their dignity and self-respect was taken from them . They were turned into an internally-displaced people and their land was transformed into a sea of desperate and suffering refugees . Compassion Their men were rounded up into Second World War-like Nazi concentration camps and starved and tortured to death and their dignity and self-respect was taken from them . They were turned into an internally-displaced people and their land was transformed into a sea of desperate and suffering refugees . Metaphors The former Jewish neighbourhood in the city of Sulaymaniah , in Kurdish Iraq , is not a happy place . The area is a slum where poor families are crammed into houses whose past grandeur is well concealed under a thick layer of grit and neglect . Compassion The former Jewish neighbourhood in the city of Sulaymaniah , in Kurdish Iraq , is not a happy place . The area is a slum where poor families are crammed into houses whose past grandeur is well concealed under a thick layer of grit and neglect . Compassion The former Jewish neighbourhood in the city of Sulaymaniah , in Kurdish Iraq , is not a happy place . The area is a slum where poor families are crammed into houses whose past grandeur is well concealed under a thick layer of grit and neglect . Metaphors "The day before , a friend had uploaded a photograph to Facebook of Assali feeding homeless people on the streets of Berlin . The caption below read : "" Acts of kindness : A Syrian refugee mans a food stand for the homeless , to ' give something back to the German people ' . """ The_poorer_the_merrier The charity has a number of success stories where people have been homeless and are now leading happy lives in employment . Metaphors Finally , there seems to be a ray of hope for the poor and the vulnerable in Nigeria 's rural communities as far as health care services are concerned . An estimated 70 per cent of Nigeria 's population who live in the rural areas are said to have higher disease burden , lower income , and are in most need of protection . Metaphors Finally , there seems to be a ray of hope for the poor and the vulnerable in Nigeria 's rural communities as far as health care services are concerned . An estimated 70 per cent of Nigeria 's population who live in the rural areas are said to have higher disease burden , lower income , and are in most need of protection . Compassion According to the data of the National Disaster Management Authority , 386 people were killed and 816 injured . Malar and Mashkai tehsils of Awaran were the worst hit . The NDMA confirms more than 32,000 houses were flattened out and more than 14,000 partially damaged . Unofficial sources claim that the digits are watered down . Numbers aside , death and devastation is certainly enormous . Life is still scrambling through the heaps of debris particularly in Awaran district . Countless people are still homeless taking shelter with their relatives and acquaintances in neighbouring Lasbela , Hub and other areas . Metaphors According to the data of the National Disaster Management Authority , 386 people were killed and 816 injured . Malar and Mashkai tehsils of Awaran were the worst hit . The NDMA confirms more than 32,000 houses were flattened out and more than 14,000 partially damaged . Unofficial sources claim that the digits are watered down . Numbers aside , death and devastation is certainly enormous . Life is still scrambling through the heaps of debris particularly in Awaran district . Countless people are still homeless taking shelter with their relatives and acquaintances in neighbouring Lasbela , Hub and other areas . Compassion """ She was in a vulnerable , helpless , hopeless situation when the two men entered her home ." Compassion The Christchurch City Mission : Our blithesome city missioner Michael Gorman is unfaltering in his ambition to help vulnerable people in our community . His vision for a modern facility for people in need was realised this year and , with architect Alun Wilkie , Gorman has created a special and inspirational space where people can get respite from , at times , very bleak lives . Compassion He said he is thrilled to be participating in what really is a life changing opportunity for the country 's children who were at one time homeless abandoned and without hope . Compassion """ What poor families really need is more money . The government 's weak response is to give beneficiaries with children an extra $25 a week starting April 1st . Sure , that will help some families but it is really tip of the iceberg stuff ." Metaphors 2 . Limiting interest charged in relation to the OCR . Loan sharks target the poor and keep them trapped in the prison of poverty with crippling interest rates . Government can help here with some protection for the vulnerable . Compassion 2 . Limiting interest charged in relation to the OCR . Loan sharks target the poor and keep them trapped in the prison of poverty with crippling interest rates . Government can help here with some protection for the vulnerable . Metaphors 2 . Limiting interest charged in relation to the OCR . Loan sharks target the poor and keep them trapped in the prison of poverty with crippling interest rates . Government can help here with some protection for the vulnerable . Metaphors Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugees living in sprawling camps in Bangladesh are celebrating the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha , praying for better lives as they wonder if they 'll ever again celebrate at their homes in Myanmar . People streamed into makeshift mosques in the camps , the children dressed in new clothing . Those who could afford it feasted on buffalo meat . Muslims often sla ... Compassion UNICEF Afghanistan/AFP / Mahdy MehraeenAfghan boy Murtaza Ahmadi proudly wears one of the jerseys sent by his idol Lionel Messi <h> The young Afghan boy who captivated hearts after he was pictured wearing a plastic bag as an improvised Lionel Messi jersey has appealed to the UN refugee agency after fleeing Afghanistan . Compassion UNICEF Afghanistan/AFP / Mahdy MehraeenAfghan boy Murtaza Ahmadi proudly wears one of the jerseys sent by his idol Lionel Messi <h> The young Afghan boy who captivated hearts after he was pictured wearing a plastic bag as an improvised Lionel Messi jersey has appealed to the UN refugee agency after fleeing Afghanistan . Metaphors The level of diligence and zeal for success that women have portrayed over the years has made them reach the pinnacle of success which they enjoy today . Gone are the days of subjecting women to secondary roles in society . The_poorer_the_merrier """ These migrants , many of whom are refugees , are desperate for a better future , "" Ban said . "" We need to strengthen search and rescue operations , and stop the criminals who exploit the most vulnerable people . We need to address the roots of the problem . """ Compassion In many cases , resultant effects of such type of living is the elderly looking frail ' past their usefulness , unable to work , physically weak , mentally slow disabled or hopeless . Compassion "This discarded corpse , latterly a boy who had been taught to sing about being "" a bundle of potentiality "" , she says , was erratic in school attendance and behaviour , most often hungry and unkempt and demonstrably lacking in affirmation and attention at home , foisted on teachers , who , obsessed with curriculum , hopefully willing but hopelessly ill-equipped to save him from his ( and our ) final resting place ." Compassion "This discarded corpse , latterly a boy who had been taught to sing about being "" a bundle of potentiality "" , she says , was erratic in school attendance and behaviour , most often hungry and unkempt and demonstrably lacking in affirmation and attention at home , foisted on teachers , who , obsessed with curriculum , hopefully willing but hopelessly ill-equipped to save him from his ( and our ) final resting place ." Compassion "This discarded corpse , latterly a boy who had been taught to sing about being "" a bundle of potentiality "" , she says , was erratic in school attendance and behaviour , most often hungry and unkempt and demonstrably lacking in affirmation and attention at home , foisted on teachers , who , obsessed with curriculum , hopefully willing but hopelessly ill-equipped to save him from his ( and our ) final resting place ." Compassion "This discarded corpse , latterly a boy who had been taught to sing about being "" a bundle of potentiality "" , she says , was erratic in school attendance and behaviour , most often hungry and unkempt and demonstrably lacking in affirmation and attention at home , foisted on teachers , who , obsessed with curriculum , hopefully willing but hopelessly ill-equipped to save him from his ( and our ) final resting place ." Metaphors On hunger , homelessness , disease : This is the lot of the poor and unwashed . Accepted na ( they 're expendable ) . Compassion Thus , the education -- labour market connection is characterised by a vicious circle whereby poor children obtain poor quality education , which in turn limits their participation in the economy and obstructs the next generation 's efforts to get a good education . Our research has identified low-quality education as the main poverty trap holding back upward mobility of children from poor families . Metaphors Thus , the education -- labour market connection is characterised by a vicious circle whereby poor children obtain poor quality education , which in turn limits their participation in the economy and obstructs the next generation 's efforts to get a good education . Our research has identified low-quality education as the main poverty trap holding back upward mobility of children from poor families . Compassion Thus , the education -- labour market connection is characterised by a vicious circle whereby poor children obtain poor quality education , which in turn limits their participation in the economy and obstructs the next generation 's efforts to get a good education . Our research has identified low-quality education as the main poverty trap holding back upward mobility of children from poor families . Metaphors Thus , the education -- labour market connection is characterised by a vicious circle whereby poor children obtain poor quality education , which in turn limits their participation in the economy and obstructs the next generation 's efforts to get a good education . Our research has identified low-quality education as the main poverty trap holding back upward mobility of children from poor families . Compassion "The statement signed by Ikonomwan Francis , leader of SMN , read : "" There is no doubt that Nigerians are in need of capable hand to man the office of SGF that will join the president to bring smiles to their faces in the second half of this administration . """ Metaphors Thankfully , while Krishna Tulasi ca n't entirely escape from the trope of disabled persons with hearts of gold , it manages to do better than many previous films with disabled protagonists . The_poorer_the_merrier Yong is not the first Sabahan to find himself on the wrong side of the law , and neither will he be the last . Another boy from Sabah was Lee Siaw Foo , who was convicted of trafficking heroin into Singapore . Lee , too , came from a family facing hard times ; his mother a bankrupt , his father in need of an operation after a heart attack . As the only child and sole breadwinner , he agreed to deliver packages in Malaysia and Singapore . The packages turned out to be heroin . Yong told his lawyer that in 2009 Lee was dragged kicking and screaming from his cell to the gallows . Metaphors Yong is not the first Sabahan to find himself on the wrong side of the law , and neither will he be the last . Another boy from Sabah was Lee Siaw Foo , who was convicted of trafficking heroin into Singapore . Lee , too , came from a family facing hard times ; his mother a bankrupt , his father in need of an operation after a heart attack . As the only child and sole breadwinner , he agreed to deliver packages in Malaysia and Singapore . The packages turned out to be heroin . Yong told his lawyer that in 2009 Lee was dragged kicking and screaming from his cell to the gallows . Compassion Yong is not the first Sabahan to find himself on the wrong side of the law , and neither will he be the last . Another boy from Sabah was Lee Siaw Foo , who was convicted of trafficking heroin into Singapore . Lee , too , came from a family facing hard times ; his mother a bankrupt , his father in need of an operation after a heart attack . As the only child and sole breadwinner , he agreed to deliver packages in Malaysia and Singapore . The packages turned out to be heroin . Yong told his lawyer that in 2009 Lee was dragged kicking and screaming from his cell to the gallows . Compassion Yong is not the first Sabahan to find himself on the wrong side of the law , and neither will he be the last . Another boy from Sabah was Lee Siaw Foo , who was convicted of trafficking heroin into Singapore . Lee , too , came from a family facing hard times ; his mother a bankrupt , his father in need of an operation after a heart attack . As the only child and sole breadwinner , he agreed to deliver packages in Malaysia and Singapore . The packages turned out to be heroin . Yong told his lawyer that in 2009 Lee was dragged kicking and screaming from his cell to the gallows . Metaphors Yong is not the first Sabahan to find himself on the wrong side of the law , and neither will he be the last . Another boy from Sabah was Lee Siaw Foo , who was convicted of trafficking heroin into Singapore . Lee , too , came from a family facing hard times ; his mother a bankrupt , his father in need of an operation after a heart attack . As the only child and sole breadwinner , he agreed to deliver packages in Malaysia and Singapore . The packages turned out to be heroin . Yong told his lawyer that in 2009 Lee was dragged kicking and screaming from his cell to the gallows . Metaphors Yong is not the first Sabahan to find himself on the wrong side of the law , and neither will he be the last . Another boy from Sabah was Lee Siaw Foo , who was convicted of trafficking heroin into Singapore . Lee , too , came from a family facing hard times ; his mother a bankrupt , his father in need of an operation after a heart attack . As the only child and sole breadwinner , he agreed to deliver packages in Malaysia and Singapore . The packages turned out to be heroin . Yong told his lawyer that in 2009 Lee was dragged kicking and screaming from his cell to the gallows . Compassion Theirs are tears of emotion for lives lost . Tears of anger for being uprooted from their homes . Tears of hopelessness borne out of the knowledge that there is little they can do . They are tears nudging them to revenge . Compassion Theirs are tears of emotion for lives lost . Tears of anger for being uprooted from their homes . Tears of hopelessness borne out of the knowledge that there is little they can do . They are tears nudging them to revenge . Compassion Theirs are tears of emotion for lives lost . Tears of anger for being uprooted from their homes . Tears of hopelessness borne out of the knowledge that there is little they can do . They are tears nudging them to revenge . Compassion "As Maas put it , "" the loss of this organisation could unleash an uncontrollable chain reaction . "" Kids would be pushed from UNRWA classrooms onto the streets , where they would be more vulnerable to dangerous scenarios such as recruitment efforts by terrorists , who will surely jump at the chance to argue that if we ca n't keep our aid promises , peaceful coexistence with the West is impossible . Child marriage , child labour , and child trafficking would rise . A generation of children and young people would be lost , in a region more unstable than ever ." Metaphors "As Maas put it , "" the loss of this organisation could unleash an uncontrollable chain reaction . "" Kids would be pushed from UNRWA classrooms onto the streets , where they would be more vulnerable to dangerous scenarios such as recruitment efforts by terrorists , who will surely jump at the chance to argue that if we ca n't keep our aid promises , peaceful coexistence with the West is impossible . Child marriage , child labour , and child trafficking would rise . A generation of children and young people would be lost , in a region more unstable than ever ." Compassion """ Evros is not just the border , "" he said . "" Evros is here in Thessaloniki . They are here , homeless , without any provision of service . """ Compassion You are not a country when you comfortably watch starvation waste your most vulnerable and innocent citizens . You are not a country when allow the people that fled the instant butchery of terrorists and ran into your arms die of hunger and thirst in dozens . You are not a country when you collect the weak and the poor and abandon them to ' mercy killing ' food denial ! Compassion You are not a country when you comfortably watch starvation waste your most vulnerable and innocent citizens . You are not a country when allow the people that fled the instant butchery of terrorists and ran into your arms die of hunger and thirst in dozens . You are not a country when you collect the weak and the poor and abandon them to ' mercy killing ' food denial ! Compassion You are not a country when you comfortably watch starvation waste your most vulnerable and innocent citizens . You are not a country when allow the people that fled the instant butchery of terrorists and ran into your arms die of hunger and thirst in dozens . You are not a country when you collect the weak and the poor and abandon them to ' mercy killing ' food denial ! Compassion You are not a country when you comfortably watch starvation waste your most vulnerable and innocent citizens . You are not a country when allow the people that fled the instant butchery of terrorists and ran into your arms die of hunger and thirst in dozens . You are not a country when you collect the weak and the poor and abandon them to ' mercy killing ' food denial ! Metaphors You are not a country when you comfortably watch starvation waste your most vulnerable and innocent citizens . You are not a country when allow the people that fled the instant butchery of terrorists and ran into your arms die of hunger and thirst in dozens . You are not a country when you collect the weak and the poor and abandon them to ' mercy killing ' food denial ! Metaphors You are not a country when you comfortably watch starvation waste your most vulnerable and innocent citizens . You are not a country when allow the people that fled the instant butchery of terrorists and ran into your arms die of hunger and thirst in dozens . You are not a country when you collect the weak and the poor and abandon them to ' mercy killing ' food denial ! Metaphors "Immigration again emerged as a possible point of contention . House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi , who helped negotiate the accord , nevertheless said she would oppose it unless Ryan promises to advance legislation to protect hundreds of thousands of young adult immigrants , known as "" Dreamers , "" brought to the United States illegally as children ." Compassion Children 's Hour , a program of Child Foundation Inc. , requires volunteers to donate at least an hour of their time and worth to kids in need . Compassion """ Free school meals looks after the poorest . Even then we have all sorts of systems for people who really are in financial need , and I mean the real ones . I do n't mean the ones who are playing the system , trying to get other poor families to pay for their child 's food . """ Compassion "There were many astonishing survival tales : a newspaper report from Douglas Wilkie , The Sunday Sun 's correspondent in India , reported that "" stories of epic courage and pitiful tragedy are accumulating as parties of gaunt and haggard refugees from Burma still struggle into Northern Assam "" . A blind Indian was led all the way by his two small sons ; a crippled man shouldered a spare wooden leg throughout the entire journey , "" lest he smashed the other on a rock "" ; a woman , "" exhausted , her feet worn to bone "" , crawled the last 22 miles . More cheerfully , a pet spaniel thought to have fallen over a cliff was brought in days later by a Gurkha soldier -- with a healthy litter of puppies ." Compassion "There were many astonishing survival tales : a newspaper report from Douglas Wilkie , The Sunday Sun 's correspondent in India , reported that "" stories of epic courage and pitiful tragedy are accumulating as parties of gaunt and haggard refugees from Burma still struggle into Northern Assam "" . A blind Indian was led all the way by his two small sons ; a crippled man shouldered a spare wooden leg throughout the entire journey , "" lest he smashed the other on a rock "" ; a woman , "" exhausted , her feet worn to bone "" , crawled the last 22 miles . More cheerfully , a pet spaniel thought to have fallen over a cliff was brought in days later by a Gurkha soldier -- with a healthy litter of puppies ." Compassion "There were many astonishing survival tales : a newspaper report from Douglas Wilkie , The Sunday Sun 's correspondent in India , reported that "" stories of epic courage and pitiful tragedy are accumulating as parties of gaunt and haggard refugees from Burma still struggle into Northern Assam "" . A blind Indian was led all the way by his two small sons ; a crippled man shouldered a spare wooden leg throughout the entire journey , "" lest he smashed the other on a rock "" ; a woman , "" exhausted , her feet worn to bone "" , crawled the last 22 miles . More cheerfully , a pet spaniel thought to have fallen over a cliff was brought in days later by a Gurkha soldier -- with a healthy litter of puppies ." The_poorer_the_merrier """ This system appears designed to make Rohingyas ' lives as hopeless and humiliating as possible , "" Neistat added in the note , describing the military campaign as "" ethnic cleansing "" ." Compassion """ Everyone in Tacloban and surrounding provinces were hit by the typhoon and storm surge , and they are still in the process of picking up their lives , "" said Ted in his "" TV Patrol "" report . "" They are still very much in need of continuous help and assistance . """ Metaphors As a result , most of people with disabilities remain vulnerable and unable to sustain themselves , a situation that makes them poor and they raise a poor family . This creates a vicious cycle of poverty as we end up with a society in which people with disabilities are mistreated . Read on ... Metaphors """ God bless the victims , all those people and their poor families , and I feel so sorry but I want to tell them it was n't my son who did this , it was a different Seifeddine ." Compassion These poor families face double-digit inflation this year thanks to food , electricity and transport hikes . Gordhan 's ' real ' ( after-inflation ) cuts by several percent to welfare grants will lower the incomes of 16.5 million recipients ( out of the country 's population of 55 million ) . They will struggle to find more holes in their frayed belts to tighten them up , given that 63 per cent of South Africans -- mostly women -- already live below the poverty line . Compassion These poor families face double-digit inflation this year thanks to food , electricity and transport hikes . Gordhan 's ' real ' ( after-inflation ) cuts by several percent to welfare grants will lower the incomes of 16.5 million recipients ( out of the country 's population of 55 million ) . They will struggle to find more holes in their frayed belts to tighten them up , given that 63 per cent of South Africans -- mostly women -- already live below the poverty line . Metaphors These poor families face double-digit inflation this year thanks to food , electricity and transport hikes . Gordhan 's ' real ' ( after-inflation ) cuts by several percent to welfare grants will lower the incomes of 16.5 million recipients ( out of the country 's population of 55 million ) . They will struggle to find more holes in their frayed belts to tighten them up , given that 63 per cent of South Africans -- mostly women -- already live below the poverty line . Metaphors """ These children are vulnerable and need to be helped , loved , recognised and supported . Their hearts need to be positively touched by privileged members of the society , "" said Mumassaba ." Metaphors And like temporary refugees , they became the problem of the Izon sons and daughters in the corridors of government in Asaba , the delta state capital . For three days running they literally begged for transport fares to return to their bases in Benue state . When asked why do they want to return to Benue when their lifelines had been truncated severely the Illicit Law ? And why ca n't they engage in some other forms of businesses that are legal and stress free ? Compassion And like temporary refugees , they became the problem of the Izon sons and daughters in the corridors of government in Asaba , the delta state capital . For three days running they literally begged for transport fares to return to their bases in Benue state . When asked why do they want to return to Benue when their lifelines had been truncated severely the Illicit Law ? And why ca n't they engage in some other forms of businesses that are legal and stress free ? Compassion "Dr. C K Lee , Chief Executive and Medical Director of Hong Kong Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service , said , "" We are very glad that Asiaray not only supports but also participates in the ' Give Blood Alliance ' . We look forward to its creative and integrated publicity campaign helping to effectively encourage all walks of life , especially young people , to give blood regularly to benefit those in need . """ Metaphors DMK working president M K Stalin on Sunday condemned the proposal of the Centre to conduct NEET online through the National Testing Agency . The move is an attempt to destroy the dreams of students from urban poor families and those from rural areas aspiring for medical education . Compassion That is not all . Regarding the quality of life as contained in the Millennium Development Goals , such as access to health care , potable water , electricity and reliable infrastructure , the country went from bad to worse . A veritable underclass of desperately poor people , some derelict and homeless was the underside of increased growth and expansion of the millionaire class brandishing private jets . Add to this depressing scenario , our recent economic convulsions manifested in worsening unemployment , upward spiral in the inflation rate , the abasement of the salaried elite caught in a debacle of lengthening defaults , the virtual wiping out of small scale businesses , and you get a social explosion waiting to happen . Compassion That is not all . Regarding the quality of life as contained in the Millennium Development Goals , such as access to health care , potable water , electricity and reliable infrastructure , the country went from bad to worse . A veritable underclass of desperately poor people , some derelict and homeless was the underside of increased growth and expansion of the millionaire class brandishing private jets . Add to this depressing scenario , our recent economic convulsions manifested in worsening unemployment , upward spiral in the inflation rate , the abasement of the salaried elite caught in a debacle of lengthening defaults , the virtual wiping out of small scale businesses , and you get a social explosion waiting to happen . Compassion Homelessness affects all types of people - individuals and families , men and women , the young and old , and FFP is adamant that everyone deserves a place to rest their heads and protect their families from the elements and other hazards of homelessness . Metaphors """ We hope that the children will be able to be the role model themselves towards other children of urban poor families and be symbols of hope and possibility , of never giving up ." The_poorer_the_merrier Our judicial system works , we have a free press , a wonderful , best in the world Constitution , and our Press is free . We must be very grateful for these huge benefits . The blacks want all our farmland without compensation . Give it to them . Let the farmers flock into the cities and make a new life for themselves . With their resilience I am sure it will not be so difficult for them to establish a new , happy and productive life . They will have no money but the clothes on their back to start off with , but that is what so many immigrant Americans had to face . Through guts , determination and sheer will power , they rose above it all , and look what America is today . The_poorer_the_merrier Our judicial system works , we have a free press , a wonderful , best in the world Constitution , and our Press is free . We must be very grateful for these huge benefits . The blacks want all our farmland without compensation . Give it to them . Let the farmers flock into the cities and make a new life for themselves . With their resilience I am sure it will not be so difficult for them to establish a new , happy and productive life . They will have no money but the clothes on their back to start off with , but that is what so many immigrant Americans had to face . Through guts , determination and sheer will power , they rose above it all , and look what America is today . Compassion Our judicial system works , we have a free press , a wonderful , best in the world Constitution , and our Press is free . We must be very grateful for these huge benefits . The blacks want all our farmland without compensation . Give it to them . Let the farmers flock into the cities and make a new life for themselves . With their resilience I am sure it will not be so difficult for them to establish a new , happy and productive life . They will have no money but the clothes on their back to start off with , but that is what so many immigrant Americans had to face . Through guts , determination and sheer will power , they rose above it all , and look what America is today . The_poorer_the_merrier Instead , Rafizi told supporters , they should feel sorry and sad for the poor families who would continue to suffer under Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak 's administration . Compassion "Despite his claims to having a "" great heart "" and political balls , Trump upended the lives of hundreds of thousands of so-called "" dreamers "" - immigrants who were children when their parents came to the US illegally - in a political manoeuvre that revealed neither quality ." Compassion "Despite his claims to having a "" great heart "" and political balls , Trump upended the lives of hundreds of thousands of so-called "" dreamers "" - immigrants who were children when their parents came to the US illegally - in a political manoeuvre that revealed neither quality ." Compassion Vanessa had feelings of hopelessness in her final days which increased when her cry for help yielded no response from the resident magistrate who placed her in the care of the State . Her letter was conveyed to this court official by an investigator from the Office of the Children 's Advocate . Compassion Most of us are not satisfied with what we have . You might be stressed about not getting that promotion , or unsatisfied with your job/salary , or tensed with your children etc . Remember that there are people dealing with harder situations that yourself ; some are homeless , jobless , or without children . Compassion Every time Dr Khan visits his parents in the nearby town of Jhelum , a queue of patients forms outside the house to seek his help , many of them poor families with desperately ill children . Compassion This wally of an MP just wants his name in the press , what has he ever achieved fro Southend , what did this idle wally do to get the scanner tuned on at the hospital ... zero ! He raised in parliament the fact that his was his mummies birthday , but forgot to mention the homeless families on our streets . Compassion """ Our life has completely changed from when he as an able-bodied young man running around 5000 miles an hour organising everyone . Now , he 's more disabled than anyone that he ever helped . ' '" Compassion """ We are challenged , I suggest , to turn this time of celebration into a sustained commitment of awareness and care for those for whom each day is an act of survival , "" said Mr Higgins , thanking those who work to support the vulnerable ." Compassion """ We are challenged , I suggest , to turn this time of celebration into a sustained commitment of awareness and care for those for whom each day is an act of survival , "" said Mr Higgins , thanking those who work to support the vulnerable ." Metaphors """ When I was born , this was a nightmare town for disabled children "" , he said to me then ." Compassion """ When I was born , this was a nightmare town for disabled children "" , he said to me then ." Metaphors Harvey said that the issue of violence against children was critical to the country as it was not confined to poor families , or to marginalised children or children living in the shadow of conflict . Metaphors Harvey said that the issue of violence against children was critical to the country as it was not confined to poor families , or to marginalised children or children living in the shadow of conflict . Compassion I think they also get the chance to see success . When they can see a street person succeed and not just get locked in that hopeless category , their vision changes . Compassion The words of Desmond Tutu , rings true for 31 year old Ayesha Allen , president of the Gift of Love Ja . who believes that championing the cause of those in need and starting a charity to fulfil it is a part of God 's plan for her life . Compassion The hundreds of families that have gathered at the enormous NRG centre in the southern outskirts of Houston may have a roof over their heads , but their plight is similar to those who left the Middle East for Europe . They are refugees -- people who have lost their homes , their possessions and , in many cases , their livelihoods . Metaphors The hundreds of families that have gathered at the enormous NRG centre in the southern outskirts of Houston may have a roof over their heads , but their plight is similar to those who left the Middle East for Europe . They are refugees -- people who have lost their homes , their possessions and , in many cases , their livelihoods . Compassion And so what is this hustling scam-artist talking about ? The rump-CPP presidential candidate has also been screaming a lot in the name of Ghana 's communities of the disabled and abjectly deprived . Now , let Mr. Greenstreet , who has promised to supply free wheelchairs to the crippled and poor if voted into power , point us to a single substantive or significant project that he has undertaken for the especial benefit of the country 's poor and destitute , besides endlessly running his loud mouth . Compassion There are also angels who get together and help a larger group of people in need . Metaphors "Courses include Greek , English , mathematics , geography , computer and art , offered by Greek certified teachers and qualified staff of "" Save the Children "" . Teachers include also members of the refugee community ." Compassion Providence Village will be a space for the Sisters to continue their mandate of caring for the poor and meeting the needs of the vulnerable . The village will be a hub for offering services to vulnerable populations in Kingston . Compassion "Meanwhile "" throughout this island , the high level of suicide is terrible and terrifying . "" As Christians "" we can give hope , where a person feels only darkness and hopelessnes , "" he said ." Compassion "The "" Good Will Walk -- Walk to Feed 2017 "" , is a series of walks all over the country with the aim of raising some RM100,000 to assist the Orang Asli during natural disasters and to feed the homeless in Kuala Lumpur ." Compassion """ We beg the Niger Delta Avengers to think about the plight of children in conflict situations . We need to see laughter of children but how can be a reality when they are forced to live in refugee camps . We need government to guarantee our rights and welfare , "" they stated ." Compassion Every day , tons of excess food -- mostly bread and vegetables -- were discarded , and would have gone to waste , were it not for the intervention of one man . Massimo Bottura , head chef at three-Michelin-starred restaurant Osteria Francescana in Moderna , devised a unique project to redirect this food into the mouths of those most in need , in an imaginative and invigorating way that would leave a profound impact on all who experienced it. ? ? ? Metaphors At least 400,000 hungry and traumatised refugees have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October 2016 . Compassion "Most are from desperately poor Horn of Africa countries and like tens of thousands each year , were willing to risk the treacherous journey through war-torn and impoverished Yemen in the hope of finding work in Saudi Arabia and other wealthy Gulf Arab states . But their plan was not to be . Caught and detained by the Yemeni authorities , the 600 or so men now await deportation , prevented from leaving their makeshift jail by armed soldiers . Conditions at the warehouse are growing increasingly desperate . Several days ago , the authorities stopped handing out food and basic supplies . "" I came from Djibouti to work . They used to give us small amounts of food . If there is no food , we will die , "" said one migrant who declined to give his name . "" If there is no solution , they will deport us to our countries or get us out of here "" , the man added . Yemen , the poorest country on the Arabian Peninsula , has long been a transit point for migrants and refugees from East Africa , many of whom are fleeing hunger and violence . The route was unsafe long before Yemen descended into all-out war in 2015 . Hundreds drown each year on the perilous sea journey , and those who make it face multiple risks , including death by "" assault , extortion and abuse by criminal networks , as well as the hazards stemming from the war in Yemen itself "" , according to UNHCR , the United Nations ' refugee agency . Despite these dangers , the number of migrants traveling across the Gulf of Aden and Red Sea to Yemen has been rising steadily , to 117,000 in 2016 from 92,000 in 2015 , according to UNHCR . Khaled al-Elwany , a local official who until recently oversaw the deportation of migrants back to their home countries , says up to 15,000 migrants are arrested at city checkpoints each month . Elwany says he was fired by the interior ministry for refusing to cooperate with a plan to relocate the center to a neighboring province and after authorities stopped food supplies . A ministry official told Reuters that the aim of the move to a new facility had been to improve conditions for the migrants while they await deportation . Saudi Arabia and a coalition of mostly Gulf Arab allies are fighting to restore Yemen 's exiled government to power and roll back the Iran-aligned Houthi movement . While the government nominally controls Aden and other southern areas , a budget crunch and rivalries with local armed groups mean its officials mostly reside abroad . State services and salaries have been hit hard by the chaos , and the African migrants appear to be a lower priority . The frightened men in the Aden warehouse , subsisting on bread bought with meager savings and washing their clothes in an rubbish-strewn outdoor space , are just the tip of the iceberg ." Compassion "Most are from desperately poor Horn of Africa countries and like tens of thousands each year , were willing to risk the treacherous journey through war-torn and impoverished Yemen in the hope of finding work in Saudi Arabia and other wealthy Gulf Arab states . But their plan was not to be . Caught and detained by the Yemeni authorities , the 600 or so men now await deportation , prevented from leaving their makeshift jail by armed soldiers . Conditions at the warehouse are growing increasingly desperate . Several days ago , the authorities stopped handing out food and basic supplies . "" I came from Djibouti to work . They used to give us small amounts of food . If there is no food , we will die , "" said one migrant who declined to give his name . "" If there is no solution , they will deport us to our countries or get us out of here "" , the man added . Yemen , the poorest country on the Arabian Peninsula , has long been a transit point for migrants and refugees from East Africa , many of whom are fleeing hunger and violence . The route was unsafe long before Yemen descended into all-out war in 2015 . Hundreds drown each year on the perilous sea journey , and those who make it face multiple risks , including death by "" assault , extortion and abuse by criminal networks , as well as the hazards stemming from the war in Yemen itself "" , according to UNHCR , the United Nations ' refugee agency . Despite these dangers , the number of migrants traveling across the Gulf of Aden and Red Sea to Yemen has been rising steadily , to 117,000 in 2016 from 92,000 in 2015 , according to UNHCR . Khaled al-Elwany , a local official who until recently oversaw the deportation of migrants back to their home countries , says up to 15,000 migrants are arrested at city checkpoints each month . Elwany says he was fired by the interior ministry for refusing to cooperate with a plan to relocate the center to a neighboring province and after authorities stopped food supplies . A ministry official told Reuters that the aim of the move to a new facility had been to improve conditions for the migrants while they await deportation . Saudi Arabia and a coalition of mostly Gulf Arab allies are fighting to restore Yemen 's exiled government to power and roll back the Iran-aligned Houthi movement . While the government nominally controls Aden and other southern areas , a budget crunch and rivalries with local armed groups mean its officials mostly reside abroad . State services and salaries have been hit hard by the chaos , and the African migrants appear to be a lower priority . The frightened men in the Aden warehouse , subsisting on bread bought with meager savings and washing their clothes in an rubbish-strewn outdoor space , are just the tip of the iceberg ." Compassion "Most are from desperately poor Horn of Africa countries and like tens of thousands each year , were willing to risk the treacherous journey through war-torn and impoverished Yemen in the hope of finding work in Saudi Arabia and other wealthy Gulf Arab states . But their plan was not to be . Caught and detained by the Yemeni authorities , the 600 or so men now await deportation , prevented from leaving their makeshift jail by armed soldiers . Conditions at the warehouse are growing increasingly desperate . Several days ago , the authorities stopped handing out food and basic supplies . "" I came from Djibouti to work . They used to give us small amounts of food . If there is no food , we will die , "" said one migrant who declined to give his name . "" If there is no solution , they will deport us to our countries or get us out of here "" , the man added . Yemen , the poorest country on the Arabian Peninsula , has long been a transit point for migrants and refugees from East Africa , many of whom are fleeing hunger and violence . The route was unsafe long before Yemen descended into all-out war in 2015 . Hundreds drown each year on the perilous sea journey , and those who make it face multiple risks , including death by "" assault , extortion and abuse by criminal networks , as well as the hazards stemming from the war in Yemen itself "" , according to UNHCR , the United Nations ' refugee agency . Despite these dangers , the number of migrants traveling across the Gulf of Aden and Red Sea to Yemen has been rising steadily , to 117,000 in 2016 from 92,000 in 2015 , according to UNHCR . Khaled al-Elwany , a local official who until recently oversaw the deportation of migrants back to their home countries , says up to 15,000 migrants are arrested at city checkpoints each month . Elwany says he was fired by the interior ministry for refusing to cooperate with a plan to relocate the center to a neighboring province and after authorities stopped food supplies . A ministry official told Reuters that the aim of the move to a new facility had been to improve conditions for the migrants while they await deportation . Saudi Arabia and a coalition of mostly Gulf Arab allies are fighting to restore Yemen 's exiled government to power and roll back the Iran-aligned Houthi movement . While the government nominally controls Aden and other southern areas , a budget crunch and rivalries with local armed groups mean its officials mostly reside abroad . State services and salaries have been hit hard by the chaos , and the African migrants appear to be a lower priority . The frightened men in the Aden warehouse , subsisting on bread bought with meager savings and washing their clothes in an rubbish-strewn outdoor space , are just the tip of the iceberg ." Compassion "Most are from desperately poor Horn of Africa countries and like tens of thousands each year , were willing to risk the treacherous journey through war-torn and impoverished Yemen in the hope of finding work in Saudi Arabia and other wealthy Gulf Arab states . But their plan was not to be . Caught and detained by the Yemeni authorities , the 600 or so men now await deportation , prevented from leaving their makeshift jail by armed soldiers . Conditions at the warehouse are growing increasingly desperate . Several days ago , the authorities stopped handing out food and basic supplies . "" I came from Djibouti to work . They used to give us small amounts of food . If there is no food , we will die , "" said one migrant who declined to give his name . "" If there is no solution , they will deport us to our countries or get us out of here "" , the man added . Yemen , the poorest country on the Arabian Peninsula , has long been a transit point for migrants and refugees from East Africa , many of whom are fleeing hunger and violence . The route was unsafe long before Yemen descended into all-out war in 2015 . Hundreds drown each year on the perilous sea journey , and those who make it face multiple risks , including death by "" assault , extortion and abuse by criminal networks , as well as the hazards stemming from the war in Yemen itself "" , according to UNHCR , the United Nations ' refugee agency . Despite these dangers , the number of migrants traveling across the Gulf of Aden and Red Sea to Yemen has been rising steadily , to 117,000 in 2016 from 92,000 in 2015 , according to UNHCR . Khaled al-Elwany , a local official who until recently oversaw the deportation of migrants back to their home countries , says up to 15,000 migrants are arrested at city checkpoints each month . Elwany says he was fired by the interior ministry for refusing to cooperate with a plan to relocate the center to a neighboring province and after authorities stopped food supplies . A ministry official told Reuters that the aim of the move to a new facility had been to improve conditions for the migrants while they await deportation . Saudi Arabia and a coalition of mostly Gulf Arab allies are fighting to restore Yemen 's exiled government to power and roll back the Iran-aligned Houthi movement . While the government nominally controls Aden and other southern areas , a budget crunch and rivalries with local armed groups mean its officials mostly reside abroad . State services and salaries have been hit hard by the chaos , and the African migrants appear to be a lower priority . The frightened men in the Aden warehouse , subsisting on bread bought with meager savings and washing their clothes in an rubbish-strewn outdoor space , are just the tip of the iceberg ." Compassion Desperation and fear of a dismal future filled with difficulty and suffering amplify their aggression and heartless tendencies . It finally comes down to them against the rest of ' society ' that they perceive as a collection of faceless , nameless , heartless , careless haves who continually exploit , marginalise and despise them and sentence them to a life of hopelessness . Compassion Desperation and fear of a dismal future filled with difficulty and suffering amplify their aggression and heartless tendencies . It finally comes down to them against the rest of ' society ' that they perceive as a collection of faceless , nameless , heartless , careless haves who continually exploit , marginalise and despise them and sentence them to a life of hopelessness . Compassion Undoubtedly , strides have been made but too many Jamaicans remain poor and in a sense of hopelessness ; too many are unemployed and hungry . Cursing the IMF for its prescription is not going to get us very far . The IMF did not come knocking at Jamaica 's door ; we were at death 's door and went knocking . Compassion Undoubtedly , strides have been made but too many Jamaicans remain poor and in a sense of hopelessness ; too many are unemployed and hungry . Cursing the IMF for its prescription is not going to get us very far . The IMF did not come knocking at Jamaica 's door ; we were at death 's door and went knocking . Compassion Undoubtedly , strides have been made but too many Jamaicans remain poor and in a sense of hopelessness ; too many are unemployed and hungry . Cursing the IMF for its prescription is not going to get us very far . The IMF did not come knocking at Jamaica 's door ; we were at death 's door and went knocking . Metaphors "It 's unfortunate that De Lima chose to ascribe that episode in her life to the "" frailties of a woman . "" That remark , made in a televised interview , does not reflect well on women and their limitless capacity to be strong and responsible in their choices . But now that she has taken the step of admitting a relationship with Dayan , perhaps she can take the next step : to help him come out and say his piece ." The_poorer_the_merrier Out of place : A man in a suit and his smartly dressed companion walk past a family of migrants drying their clothes on the railing by the sea front at Kos Compassion If most good things begin in the home , so must the life-or-death battle relating to global warming . Across the world , creative and innovative architects have developed more affordable and eco-friendly ways of building houses . Sri Lanka 's Housing and Construction Minister Sajith Premadasa , continuing the good work his father started , has launched hundreds of projects , mainly in rural areas , to provide houses with deeds and small plots of land to homeless people . Social analysts see this as the first major step towards restoring the dignity of these poverty-stricken families , so that they could earn their living and rise from the second-class citizenship of living on the dole . Compassion """ For such patients , their future is desolating . They feel hopeless and worthless about their life , as there is no point in living if it 's to suffer in pain and misery and that is why suicide is the best option for them , "" said Dr. Mohd Jamil ." Compassion """ For such patients , their future is desolating . They feel hopeless and worthless about their life , as there is no point in living if it 's to suffer in pain and misery and that is why suicide is the best option for them , "" said Dr. Mohd Jamil ." Compassion Dole , France -- French baker Michel Flamant , who owes his life to the homeless man who begged for handouts outside his bakery , knows more than anyone that man does not live by bread alone . Compassion Dole , France -- French baker Michel Flamant , who owes his life to the homeless man who begged for handouts outside his bakery , knows more than anyone that man does not live by bread alone . Compassion World Refugee Day is marked on June 20 every year , the day seeks to highlight the plight of refugees globally and their resistance and strength in spite of the challenges faced . The_poorer_the_merrier Mr Porter , do you think you will get the numbers needed from the remaining senators and do you agree that , if implemented , some vulnerable people will fall through the cracks and the streets could be un-safer as a consequence ? Metaphors The common thieves then stole a crust of bread , the law came down upon the hungry heads ; the haughty land robber stole land with men resources and all contents . The first they said were a hopeless conviction . While they escaped the law by trick ; that grave , one-sided justice would not do -- the poor call for consideration , too . The cruel people started the unholy war , then from the line of action they kept far ; they pushed to the front sons of the poor , there to do battle , die , suffer galore , as the guns raged , liberty loans they raised , and in glorious tones , we sung freedom 's praise . Those who made wars should first went to the front , and of shot and shell bear there the brunt : In first lines of action they were all due , if to their country and people they were true : When this was demanded in right of all , there would have been no more deadly cannon balls : The downtrodden poor people of us joined together and prevented the Pakistani rulers our rights to purloin . Compassion The common thieves then stole a crust of bread , the law came down upon the hungry heads ; the haughty land robber stole land with men resources and all contents . The first they said were a hopeless conviction . While they escaped the law by trick ; that grave , one-sided justice would not do -- the poor call for consideration , too . The cruel people started the unholy war , then from the line of action they kept far ; they pushed to the front sons of the poor , there to do battle , die , suffer galore , as the guns raged , liberty loans they raised , and in glorious tones , we sung freedom 's praise . Those who made wars should first went to the front , and of shot and shell bear there the brunt : In first lines of action they were all due , if to their country and people they were true : When this was demanded in right of all , there would have been no more deadly cannon balls : The downtrodden poor people of us joined together and prevented the Pakistani rulers our rights to purloin . Compassion The common thieves then stole a crust of bread , the law came down upon the hungry heads ; the haughty land robber stole land with men resources and all contents . The first they said were a hopeless conviction . While they escaped the law by trick ; that grave , one-sided justice would not do -- the poor call for consideration , too . The cruel people started the unholy war , then from the line of action they kept far ; they pushed to the front sons of the poor , there to do battle , die , suffer galore , as the guns raged , liberty loans they raised , and in glorious tones , we sung freedom 's praise . Those who made wars should first went to the front , and of shot and shell bear there the brunt : In first lines of action they were all due , if to their country and people they were true : When this was demanded in right of all , there would have been no more deadly cannon balls : The downtrodden poor people of us joined together and prevented the Pakistani rulers our rights to purloin . Metaphors The common thieves then stole a crust of bread , the law came down upon the hungry heads ; the haughty land robber stole land with men resources and all contents . The first they said were a hopeless conviction . While they escaped the law by trick ; that grave , one-sided justice would not do -- the poor call for consideration , too . The cruel people started the unholy war , then from the line of action they kept far ; they pushed to the front sons of the poor , there to do battle , die , suffer galore , as the guns raged , liberty loans they raised , and in glorious tones , we sung freedom 's praise . Those who made wars should first went to the front , and of shot and shell bear there the brunt : In first lines of action they were all due , if to their country and people they were true : When this was demanded in right of all , there would have been no more deadly cannon balls : The downtrodden poor people of us joined together and prevented the Pakistani rulers our rights to purloin . Metaphors The common thieves then stole a crust of bread , the law came down upon the hungry heads ; the haughty land robber stole land with men resources and all contents . The first they said were a hopeless conviction . While they escaped the law by trick ; that grave , one-sided justice would not do -- the poor call for consideration , too . The cruel people started the unholy war , then from the line of action they kept far ; they pushed to the front sons of the poor , there to do battle , die , suffer galore , as the guns raged , liberty loans they raised , and in glorious tones , we sung freedom 's praise . Those who made wars should first went to the front , and of shot and shell bear there the brunt : In first lines of action they were all due , if to their country and people they were true : When this was demanded in right of all , there would have been no more deadly cannon balls : The downtrodden poor people of us joined together and prevented the Pakistani rulers our rights to purloin . Metaphors As a matter of life views , migrants generally see opportunities where locals do n't . They see how their home society has handled different problems and they can draw from that experience to simply copy and paste amazing solutions that change a society . These innovations are what an economy needs to grow and solve its own issues in dynamic ways . The_poorer_the_merrier All of this is done to help raise money for Gordy and Eva Hoffman 's three charities : Project Warmth , Alberta Champions , ( for the purpose of full disclosure , I 'm on the board ) and Operation Kickstart . This year , Project Warmth will distribute more than 85,000 pieces of gently used and cleaned coats , hats and gloves to needy children . Alberta Champions recognizes historic figures who helped build our glorious province with special fields of fame monuments at various locations in the city , with more to come , and Project Kickstart helps immigrants looking for work to find it , often through Hoffman 's incredible network of friends and acquaintances that he 's never afraid to call on to help another person in need . Compassion He said the Eye Clinic started in 1997 , gave sight to the blind and hope to the hopeless . Compassion He said the Eye Clinic started in 1997 , gave sight to the blind and hope to the hopeless . Metaphors Since the publication of the book , I have been stunned to hear from so many people who have suffered the degradation of homelessness . I remember one particularly heartbreaking account from a woman who was living in a car with her daughter . I received so many stories from men and women of all ages that I wondered how far we have left our judgmental attitude behind . Because when we elevate our compassion , it leads to action to solve the problem . Compassion To me , I am always mindful that we are dealing with human beings with similar fears and hopes . I am of course not talking about the hardcore criminals but people like illegal immigrants , first time youthful offenders who may have slipped their way and such . Compassion "IS first captured the city in 2014 and tens of thousands who fled are badly in need of aid , with charities saying "" camps are bursting at the seams "" ." Metaphors ' Hope For Winter ' Project Aims To Keep SA Warm <h> The cold winter months in our country remain particularly challenging for poor families and the homeless people on the streets . Compassion "Talking about the desperation of refugees she said , "" Words are inadequate to describe the magnitude of the catastrophe which has been caused right now by closing the door to thousands of families , single people and little kids ." Compassion "Talking about the desperation of refugees she said , "" Words are inadequate to describe the magnitude of the catastrophe which has been caused right now by closing the door to thousands of families , single people and little kids ." Metaphors King Wenceslas is probably standing on an elevated balcony of his residence when there arose a mild wind , which probably brought with it snowflakes . At a distance he was able to see a man in dire need . A peasant . A farmer or woodcutter , trying to gather some logs to take to his lackluster cottage , with the hope of cooking a meal . The benevolent King is deeply moved by this sight . He inquires of his young servant , and is told the man has come down from near the mountains . Today in a self righteous society , how many would even come out to their balcony , even in fine tropical weather ? How would they respond to the sight of such hopeless despair ? Compassion King Wenceslas is probably standing on an elevated balcony of his residence when there arose a mild wind , which probably brought with it snowflakes . At a distance he was able to see a man in dire need . A peasant . A farmer or woodcutter , trying to gather some logs to take to his lackluster cottage , with the hope of cooking a meal . The benevolent King is deeply moved by this sight . He inquires of his young servant , and is told the man has come down from near the mountains . Today in a self righteous society , how many would even come out to their balcony , even in fine tropical weather ? How would they respond to the sight of such hopeless despair ? Compassion King Wenceslas is probably standing on an elevated balcony of his residence when there arose a mild wind , which probably brought with it snowflakes . At a distance he was able to see a man in dire need . A peasant . A farmer or woodcutter , trying to gather some logs to take to his lackluster cottage , with the hope of cooking a meal . The benevolent King is deeply moved by this sight . He inquires of his young servant , and is told the man has come down from near the mountains . Today in a self righteous society , how many would even come out to their balcony , even in fine tropical weather ? How would they respond to the sight of such hopeless despair ? Compassion The problem of what to do about the Dreamers , as the immigrants are known , landed back in the court system this week after the US Senate debated the matter for several days and failed to approve any legislation . Compassion I can only think of those poor families and the range of emotions they must be going through to lose their loved ones , just as I did all those years ago . Compassion IrishCentral is live from the International Commemoration of Ireland 's Great Hunger on the grounds of the NYC Marine Hospital Quarantine Cemetery on Staten Island . Thousands of Irish immigrants who fled Ireland during the Great Hunger of 1845-1852 are buried here . They died at the gateway to America , never realizing the dream of a new life . This event is held by the Friends of Abandoned Cemeteries of Staten Island ( FACSI ) . Read more about the site 's history here : http : //bit.ly/2qL25mv Compassion We can not talk about poverty in this nation without coming to grips with how utterly broken our housing system is for America 's poor . More than 50 percent of poor families in the U.S. spend at least half their income on housing . Of the families who qualify for housing assistance , only 1 on 4 receives it . Is it any wonder , then , that they struggle to keep roofs over their heads or food on their tables -- let alone find a path to the middle class ? Compassion We can not talk about poverty in this nation without coming to grips with how utterly broken our housing system is for America 's poor . More than 50 percent of poor families in the U.S. spend at least half their income on housing . Of the families who qualify for housing assistance , only 1 on 4 receives it . Is it any wonder , then , that they struggle to keep roofs over their heads or food on their tables -- let alone find a path to the middle class ? Compassion We can not talk about poverty in this nation without coming to grips with how utterly broken our housing system is for America 's poor . More than 50 percent of poor families in the U.S. spend at least half their income on housing . Of the families who qualify for housing assistance , only 1 on 4 receives it . Is it any wonder , then , that they struggle to keep roofs over their heads or food on their tables -- let alone find a path to the middle class ? Metaphors We can not talk about poverty in this nation without coming to grips with how utterly broken our housing system is for America 's poor . More than 50 percent of poor families in the U.S. spend at least half their income on housing . Of the families who qualify for housing assistance , only 1 on 4 receives it . Is it any wonder , then , that they struggle to keep roofs over their heads or food on their tables -- let alone find a path to the middle class ? Metaphors We can not talk about poverty in this nation without coming to grips with how utterly broken our housing system is for America 's poor . More than 50 percent of poor families in the U.S. spend at least half their income on housing . Of the families who qualify for housing assistance , only 1 on 4 receives it . Is it any wonder , then , that they struggle to keep roofs over their heads or food on their tables -- let alone find a path to the middle class ? Metaphors People in Africa are deceived into believing that the West is the haven for prosperity , an idea drummed into them from an early age by a continent reliant on remittances from overseas workers . Borrowing Thomas Hobbes ' words , I describe the life of many if not most African immigrants in the industrialized world simply as ' solitary , poor , nasty , brutish and short ' . Compassion His wife and children felt the need to help the poor and continue the tradition of their father and collectively formed a trust in their father 's name called The J. M. M. Raji Trust . As a pilot project they built a housing scheme called The Village of Hope and distributed houses for the homeless from Beruwela and neighbouring Dharga Town . Compassion The brother Trudel knew how to manipulate his victims . These children who came from poor families , destitute and often violent wanted only to be loved . Trudel took the opportunity to spoil them by offering them alcohol and cigarettes , even if they did not have the legal age . Compassion """ The boxers were from poor families and had nothing . I was trying to feed them in my own home , and I was n't thinking about my own family . All I knew was I had food in my house and I had to feed the boxers . '" Compassion Saint Teresa spent her life emptying the Indian streets of the maimed , the needy , the indigent , the dying . Nawaz Sharif has spent his current prime ministerial term filling Pakistan 's streets with his opponents -- the politically disadvantaged , those hungry for power , and terminal cases who slip in and out of a coma of hopeless irrelevance . They exhort their followers to crowd every footpath , every road , every highway between Islamabad and Lahore , to agitate for his resignation/removal . Compassion """ This nostalgia of homelessness is the fate of my generation and tribe . I am not the only one walking on this pathway of anguish , a whole caravan of wounded souls is walking with me . "" ( Ashfaq Ahmed )" Compassion """ This nostalgia of homelessness is the fate of my generation and tribe . I am not the only one walking on this pathway of anguish , a whole caravan of wounded souls is walking with me . "" ( Ashfaq Ahmed )" Compassion """ This nostalgia of homelessness is the fate of my generation and tribe . I am not the only one walking on this pathway of anguish , a whole caravan of wounded souls is walking with me . "" ( Ashfaq Ahmed )" Metaphors """ This nostalgia of homelessness is the fate of my generation and tribe . I am not the only one walking on this pathway of anguish , a whole caravan of wounded souls is walking with me . "" ( Ashfaq Ahmed )" Metaphors """ This nostalgia of homelessness is the fate of my generation and tribe . I am not the only one walking on this pathway of anguish , a whole caravan of wounded souls is walking with me . "" ( Ashfaq Ahmed )" Compassion The conservative-majority , nine-member court has never heard arguments on the legal merits of the travel ban or any other major Trump immigration policy , including his move to rescind protections for young immigrants sometimes called Dreamers brought into the United States illegally as children . Compassion In the city of Hyderabad , ' Walls of Kindness ' appeared over the weekend . A joint effort of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC ) and the citizens of the Rajendranagar area , the ' Walls ' encourage people to leave books , clothes , footwear and other old things for people in need . Compassion He said the residents , whose livestock were swept away by Pokot bandits , are now living hopeless lives in IDP camps without food , shelter and clothes . Compassion c . Providing a helping hand to those in need , and it being done through his Being Human foundation , which is translating into tremendous goodwill and enlarged fan following . Compassion Trauma burns deep for survivors as giant mudslides cut lives short <h> Lives are cut short . Many are desperately clinging to their own selves , without loved ones . Survivors are homeless . Compassion Trauma burns deep for survivors as giant mudslides cut lives short <h> Lives are cut short . Many are desperately clinging to their own selves , without loved ones . Survivors are homeless . Metaphors Trauma burns deep for survivors as giant mudslides cut lives short <h> Lives are cut short . Many are desperately clinging to their own selves , without loved ones . Survivors are homeless . Compassion Trauma burns deep for survivors as giant mudslides cut lives short <h> Lives are cut short . Many are desperately clinging to their own selves , without loved ones . Survivors are homeless . Compassion "The march was led by eThekwini mayor , Cllr Zandile Gumede . KwaZulu-Natal premier , Willies Mchunu said , "" Real men must stand up and defend the most vulnerable members of society- women and children . We must not stand by and watch this terrible scourge tear apart the fabric of our communities and society . """ Metaphors """ With huge shortages of funding and wide gaps in the global regime for protecting victims of war , people in need of compassion , aid and refuge are being abandoned , "" said Guterres ." Compassion "Fresh fires broke out Wednesday in the "" Jungle "" on the second day of operations to dismantle the squalid migrant camp in northern France , sending people fleeing with their meagre belongings ." Compassion Altho the ways in which he disappeared remains a mystery , what is not a mystery is the dedication Bruno had towards helping the Penan people . His passion to help those in need should be an inspiration to us and his goals could still be achieved if we come together to help shed light on the plight of the Penan people and the extent of the devastation of the environment in Sarawak . Metaphors I end this essay with questions for government and society . Can there ever be a place for humour in the life of the disabled ? Are there disabled friendly environments in Nigeria ? Do we have barrier-free restaurants and alternative routes for the disabled ? How do the disabled manage to deal with self confidence ? How do they feel when they have to ask for help ? Are people with disability lawless ? Do government and society owe people with disability anything ? Abah wrote from Port Harcourt . Compassion I end this essay with questions for government and society . Can there ever be a place for humour in the life of the disabled ? Are there disabled friendly environments in Nigeria ? Do we have barrier-free restaurants and alternative routes for the disabled ? How do the disabled manage to deal with self confidence ? How do they feel when they have to ask for help ? Are people with disability lawless ? Do government and society owe people with disability anything ? Abah wrote from Port Harcourt . Compassion I end this essay with questions for government and society . Can there ever be a place for humour in the life of the disabled ? Are there disabled friendly environments in Nigeria ? Do we have barrier-free restaurants and alternative routes for the disabled ? How do the disabled manage to deal with self confidence ? How do they feel when they have to ask for help ? Are people with disability lawless ? Do government and society owe people with disability anything ? Abah wrote from Port Harcourt . Compassion "This aspect of the Constitution has required the Court on several occasions to assess policy adopted by the government . In the seminal early case , Government of the RSA and Others v Grootboom and Others , 49 the Court held that the government 's housing policy was in breach of the obligations imposed upon government by section 26 of the Constitution in that it failed to "" provide for any form of relief to those desperately in need of access to housing "" 50 and ordered the government to to amend its program "" to provide relief for people who have no access to land , no roof over their heads , and who are living in intolerable conditions or crisis situations . "" 51" Compassion "This aspect of the Constitution has required the Court on several occasions to assess policy adopted by the government . In the seminal early case , Government of the RSA and Others v Grootboom and Others , 49 the Court held that the government 's housing policy was in breach of the obligations imposed upon government by section 26 of the Constitution in that it failed to "" provide for any form of relief to those desperately in need of access to housing "" 50 and ordered the government to to amend its program "" to provide relief for people who have no access to land , no roof over their heads , and who are living in intolerable conditions or crisis situations . "" 51" Compassion His case demonstrates the fearful , precarious existence of Mexican immigrants today as a result of Donald Trump 's severe deportation policies . The looming threat that millions of undocumented immigrants will be arrested and sent back to Mexico can be expected to give rise to mental health challenges in this vulnerable population . Compassion His case demonstrates the fearful , precarious existence of Mexican immigrants today as a result of Donald Trump 's severe deportation policies . The looming threat that millions of undocumented immigrants will be arrested and sent back to Mexico can be expected to give rise to mental health challenges in this vulnerable population . Compassion Asmani epitomized poverty , disease , hunger , homelessness and illiteracy - in short the world of the have-nots . Poet Jasimuddin admirably focused their socioeconomic plight in his immortal poem , Asmani , a real life woman who lived at Rasulpur in Faridpur . Lost generations of Ashmanis are still amidst us in every nook and corner of the country . Compassion Asmani epitomized poverty , disease , hunger , homelessness and illiteracy - in short the world of the have-nots . Poet Jasimuddin admirably focused their socioeconomic plight in his immortal poem , Asmani , a real life woman who lived at Rasulpur in Faridpur . Lost generations of Ashmanis are still amidst us in every nook and corner of the country . Metaphors """ Our budgets are not friendly towards disabled people . It does not allocate funds these helpless people need . The finance minister is himself a retard . """ Compassion Hundreds of thousands of internally displaced persons ( IDPs ) belonging to FATA are languishing in refugee camps since the military operations started in the region . Rehabilitation of these people should be the utmost priority of the government . For that purpose , construction of health and education facilities as well as other infrastructure is necessary . According to the committee recommendations , foreign donors for the rehabilitations process could not be approached without legal reforms in FCR . Compassion According to data from the UN Refugee Agency ( UNHCR ) , the crisis in the Mediterranean alone has seen the arrival of over 750,000 refugees and migrants in 2015. 85% of these arrivals come from the world 's top 10 refugee-producing countries . Compassion """ This was a very encouraging statement , and it was on this basis that we have been following up by trying to facilitate the return of the refugees back to Sri Lanka , "" he added . <h> Still languishing in camps" Compassion But do n't forget as the title subtly but unmistakably reminds us , Sudani From Nigeria is all about our fractured identities . In an African nation torn by civil war football is the only passport to a better life for antsy youngsters . Many make it but more fall by the wayside . The African presence in Indian football goes a long way ( remember the Kenyan , Chima Okorie ? ) and in the past two decades , the engine of Kerala football , the sevens soccer , has hummed to the footfalls of African students and youngsters . It is awfully surprising that it took all this while to have a peep into that dark secret of what makes them football refugees . Metaphors But do n't forget as the title subtly but unmistakably reminds us , Sudani From Nigeria is all about our fractured identities . In an African nation torn by civil war football is the only passport to a better life for antsy youngsters . Many make it but more fall by the wayside . The African presence in Indian football goes a long way ( remember the Kenyan , Chima Okorie ? ) and in the past two decades , the engine of Kerala football , the sevens soccer , has hummed to the footfalls of African students and youngsters . It is awfully surprising that it took all this while to have a peep into that dark secret of what makes them football refugees . Compassion But do n't forget as the title subtly but unmistakably reminds us , Sudani From Nigeria is all about our fractured identities . In an African nation torn by civil war football is the only passport to a better life for antsy youngsters . Many make it but more fall by the wayside . The African presence in Indian football goes a long way ( remember the Kenyan , Chima Okorie ? ) and in the past two decades , the engine of Kerala football , the sevens soccer , has hummed to the footfalls of African students and youngsters . It is awfully surprising that it took all this while to have a peep into that dark secret of what makes them football refugees . Metaphors But do n't forget as the title subtly but unmistakably reminds us , Sudani From Nigeria is all about our fractured identities . In an African nation torn by civil war football is the only passport to a better life for antsy youngsters . Many make it but more fall by the wayside . The African presence in Indian football goes a long way ( remember the Kenyan , Chima Okorie ? ) and in the past two decades , the engine of Kerala football , the sevens soccer , has hummed to the footfalls of African students and youngsters . It is awfully surprising that it took all this while to have a peep into that dark secret of what makes them football refugees . Compassion """ The offer to take 20,000 Syrians is welcome but Britain needs to take that desperate group now , not over five years and play a strong part in resolving the refugee crisis in Europe , "" he said ." Compassion In addition , the pupil engages in daily begging for food in order to survive . Under this practice , poor families from rural areas across the 19 northern states and beyond send their children to Islamic boarding schools in the cities of northern Nigeria . Compassion Our hearts go out to the hundreds of thousands of refugees to be found in Tanzania , other parts of Africa and elsewhere , and we feel compelled to hail the Japanese Government and people for their gesture of goodwill and love that will definitely make a huge difference in the lives of the beneficiaries of the assistance . Metaphors The saddest thing , of course , is that she did end up desperately vulnerable on the streets of her city . By the 1970s , even as she wrote the last of the columns , she was suffering the ravages of a mental breakdown that saw her become paranoid and lost , even homeless for a time . Compassion The saddest thing , of course , is that she did end up desperately vulnerable on the streets of her city . By the 1970s , even as she wrote the last of the columns , she was suffering the ravages of a mental breakdown that saw her become paranoid and lost , even homeless for a time . Compassion "Mr. Wong Wai Sheung , Chairman and Chief Executive of the Group said , "" The Group has taken actions to fulfil its corporate social responsibility . We hope to bring warmth and care to those in need by participating in and sponsoring various charity activities . """ Compassion """ That 's huge , that 's humbling , "" Whitehead said with a pause . "" Just for him to use those words , and I believe in just being a good person . Right is right , and wrong is wrong . I saw someone in need . """ Compassion """ That 's huge , that 's humbling , "" Whitehead said with a pause . "" Just for him to use those words , and I believe in just being a good person . Right is right , and wrong is wrong . I saw someone in need . """ Compassion "An organisation representing Kashmiri Pandits on Saturday demanded that the Centre announce a smart city in Kashmir for the displaced community members who have been living a life of "" refugees in their own country "" ." Metaphors You have seen the photo , quickly heralded as an iconic image of non-violent resistance : 28-year-old Evans standing calmly in front of armoured officers at a protest against police brutality in Baton Rouge . The image was a striking juxtaposition of her flowing sundress and grace with their riot gear and guns . With the world getting increasingly bleak , it 's easy to feel hopeless . Evans is a reminder that a single person armed with nothing but courage can have a significant impact . <h> Model immigrant : Melania Trump Compassion You have seen the photo , quickly heralded as an iconic image of non-violent resistance : 28-year-old Evans standing calmly in front of armoured officers at a protest against police brutality in Baton Rouge . The image was a striking juxtaposition of her flowing sundress and grace with their riot gear and guns . With the world getting increasingly bleak , it 's easy to feel hopeless . Evans is a reminder that a single person armed with nothing but courage can have a significant impact . <h> Model immigrant : Melania Trump Compassion "Dreamers are immigrants who were brought into the United States illegally as children . Under the program President Obama created , "" Dreamers "" have been allowed to stay legally ." Compassion The African continent is increasingly becoming the global common hub for doing business . A continent which not long ago was described as a ' hopeless continent ' have risen above all odds to actually show the potential that it possess . Not only is Africa attracting the world and depicting that it is capable to contain them , but increasingly from operators in Africa itself . Africa 's economic structural reforms have shown a strong resilient following the global economic crisis in 2008 by rebounding back very quickly since the last decade and going forward , looking more robust . Compassion She was right : Food stamps ca n't be used to buy diapers . Mothers can not get diapers from a major federal source of support for poor families , the Women Infants and Children Program , either . There was nowhere for Angie to turn . The impracticality of cloth diapers became obvious : She did n't have a washer , and her local laundry would n't allow her to wash diapers in their machines . Metaphors She was right : Food stamps ca n't be used to buy diapers . Mothers can not get diapers from a major federal source of support for poor families , the Women Infants and Children Program , either . There was nowhere for Angie to turn . The impracticality of cloth diapers became obvious : She did n't have a washer , and her local laundry would n't allow her to wash diapers in their machines . Compassion In September , a photo of the lifeless body of toddler Aylan Kurdi face-down on a Turkish beach changed the way Europeans viewed the refugees arriving at their borders . Hostility turned to a sense of humanitarian duty . Compassion The rehabilitation of the health center is underway , but at huge cost to the community because of absence of an alternative for residents in need of healthcare . Thus , members of the community are condemned to continue to use the health care center even as it is under rehabilitation . But now , they are receiving treatments for their various ailments not inside the wards , but in the open compound of the facility . Patients lay on mattresses or mats under a tree within the unfenced compound of the health centre to receive treatments . Compassion One viewer tweeted : ' EastEnders back to its best ... has me crying with Carmel tonight ... ' while a second viewer wrote : ' Carmel absolutely broke my heart tonight ! Makes me think about these poor families that get news like this in real life , so many what ifs and why 's - this needs to change ! ! ' Compassion Citing the fact that these kids who died at Gorakhpur 's Baba Raghav Das ( BRD ) Medical College and Farrukhabad district hospital belonged to the poor families , the Shiv Sena said instead of acting as a ' God ' to the poor ' , these government hospitals are proving to be a ' God of death ' for them . Metaphors Citing the fact that these kids who died at Gorakhpur 's Baba Raghav Das ( BRD ) Medical College and Farrukhabad district hospital belonged to the poor families , the Shiv Sena said instead of acting as a ' God ' to the poor ' , these government hospitals are proving to be a ' God of death ' for them . Metaphors Touched much by their plight , Commanding Officer and all ranks of the 7 Sri Lanka Light Infantry ( SLLI ) Regiment serving under the Security Fore Headquarters - Kilinochchi ( SFHQ-KLN ) , offered their financial and labour support for construction of a new house to a homeless family in Kanakapuram , Kilinochchi. Compassion 